i travel a lot and have eaten at a lot of hibachi restaurants. i happen to have a project in the pittsburgh area and was looking for a hibachi place to take my co-workers. i read several reviews on other hibachi places and they all sound the same. the typical they are so busy the service sucks and they rush you in and out to turn tables quickly.  i found sapporo and was very pleased! it is in an odd location but once you step inside, you feel the ambiance of cozy and family style. my party felt the staff was very friendly.  i had ordered the filet and shrimp with fried rice. the others in my group ordered chicken broccoli, and the sapporo deluxe which consists of lobster, filet and shrimp. we all got started with the soup and salads, which was a pretty good size. i didn't want to finish it all because i wanted to save room for dinner. our chef was one of the most personable chef's i have encountered. he was very talkative and really wanted to get to know us. my file was delicious and the fried rice was excellent. they make their fried rice from scratch. it's not prepared ahead of time like i see at most hibachi places. i can definitely tell the difference. my friend sam who ordered the chicken broccoli could not stop raving about the sauce that they used. it is unlike soy sauce or teriyaki sauce. we asked the chef about the sauce and sure enough it is one of a kind. dan, who ordered the sapporo deluxe was very pleased with his meal and couldn't even finish it. actually we all needed to-go boxes. the portion amount here is incredible. you definitely get your money's worth here!!  i would highly recommend this place to hibachi lovers because this place is surely a secret in pittsburgh. i can not stress how different this place is compared to other hibachi places. i think this restaurant is family owned and not a chain which i can always appreciate.   thank you sapporo for a great hibachi experience!! i will be back for sure!  anh
the food was alright. not good. not bad. and considering the portion, the prices weren't bad either. the service, on the other hand, was terrible. severely understaffed. three hours order to check. worst of all the chef put cooked lobster tail back into the raw shell to serve it. avoid at all costs.
sapporo is my favorite japanese restaurant, period. i've found other places that come close, but for me, this is the place i like to spend my money when it comes to hibachi cuisine.   sapporo is an unassuming place right next to steubenville pike's hottest tourist attraction, the pittsburgh motel. but don't let the location fool you. step inside and enjoy a cozy atmosphere. there's a bar at the front, some tables to the right, and the main dining area to the left. there's also that karaoke machine i've never seen used in all the years i've gone here.  unlike other japanese restaurants like saga great stuff and ichiban, the cooks at sapporo aren't all about giving an extensive show while cooking. each of the chefs have a few of the basic crowd pleasers, such as the knife and spatula toss and the onion volcano, etc., but really it's all about the food, which is fine by me. i do sometimes miss when the chefs toss the pieces of shrimp up in the air towards your mouth to catch, but only because no one ever likes to participate in that but me and it's fun to look like a goofball while trying, but that's neither here nor there.  the food here is excellent. they've introduced a new look to their menu recently. i don't know if they scaled it down, as i often always order from the same section. i did notice they have a couple of sushi options available. they used to have a full sushi bar, and you can still see that when you walk in, but i'm not sure if they're using it for anything other than just what's on the main menu, which would be a shame if so, as their sushi was always great and you could order it from a separate menu. again, this may be something they still have that i'm not aware of.  at any rate, the starter soup and salad is great. i love the bits of onion in the soup. it's a very strong broth, but not overpowering. the ginger dressing on the salad is something you either like or loathe at any japanese restaurant, and here i really love it, but i tend to like it everywhere i've had it, so i'm not a real stickler when it comes to that.  usually i order the filet mignon and shrimp with fried rice for my main meal, though last time i got the deluxe version of the dish which also includes lobster tail and ice cream for dessert. either way, it's a great dish. i've also had the chicken and shrimp and have enjoyed it as well.  now, my favorite thing here is the shrimp sauce. i call it the "magic sauce." it's of the light pink variety and thin consistency. i'm always disappointed when i go to other japanese steakhouses and they either don't have shrimp sauce altogether or they have the thicker, mayonnaise-based version, which is ok, but doesn't come close to the awesomeness that is the magic sauce. apparently it's a secret as to just what goes into it. on one visit our chef joked that its main base was strawberry quik, which one of the fellow diners at my table believed.  so if you get the fried rice here, dump some of the magic sauce on there. it's amazing. use it for your steak or chicken as well. i find myself doing that and then saving the darker sauce for my grilled veggies, which are also top notch here. terrific grilled onions and ripe zucchini as well as mushrooms and broccoli. i don't care for broccoli personally, but the rest is excellent.  sapporo has also started throwing in noodles to the mix. according to the owner this is because other restaurants started doing it, so patrons who came in started asking why sapporo didn't have them as well. i think they were doing fine without them, as it just adds even more to an already large amount of food, but they are good, if unnecessary.  the steak here is great. i've had the sirloin as well as the filet. i always get mine cooked rare, and it is of the melt in your mouth caliber. the shrimp never taste fishy, and the lobster tail is similarly excellent. all around, you get a great meal here for the price.  i'm not sure which nights are more crowded than not anymore. sapporo's a funny place in that some weeknights you'll drive by and it's packed and then other nights it will be quiet. i'd suppose weekends draw the biggest crowds. yet even when it was "packed" i've never had to wait long to be seated at a table.  so if you haven't been, give sapporo a try. it's been there forever. the owner and staff are super nice and they really do care about serving you great food when you visit. they don't do lunches anymore, so it's strictly dinner meals, so be looking at spending at least 20-30 dollars on up for adults, and around 10 or so for kids' meals. it's not some place you would go frequently if you're on a budget, but that makes it all the more a treat when you do go.
been to many hibachis, this one is very clean, the building is a little older but the family that runs it does a wonderful job.   i came here and got the chicken. spot on, i loved the beef stew it came with- i always think the salad at hibachis are real alright- but the sushi was delicious and the hibachi was wonderful with delicious noodles , veggies, and rice- best i have had in a while because it ain't too salty- many times for me it's too extreme on the salt.  free edamame with check in so that was a plus.   reasonably priced delicious japanese goodness- seemed like it also had good drinks.  will return.
my boyfriend and i are practically hibachi connoisseurs so when we visited pittsburgh for the weekend the first thing we yelp searched was.. you guessed it, hibachi! sapporo was highly rated so we went for dinner on a saturday night.  the restaurant is located in front of a dimly lit motel but don't be discouraged by the facade because once you step inside the door the atmosphere is warm and inviting.   we were greeted by the owner's daughter who sat us at an empty table while we waited for the other guests to join us. the owner's son brought us menus to look over and informed us that sapporo is a family-run establishment. the table quickly filled with regulars who said that sapporo was their favorite hibachi restaurant in pittsburgh, one couple even said that they come for dinner every single saturday evening. the owner himself came over to our table and began cooking our meal!  i ordered the hibachi chicken and broccoli in sapporo special sauce and my boyfriend ordered the hibachi shrimp and chicken, both with fried rice. both meals were good but the special sauce on my chicken was absolutely delicious! definitely one of the best hibachi chicken variation that i have tasted and my boyfriend really enjoyed how flavorful his shrimp tasted. the chef, a korean war veteran, was engaging in our conversation and made you feel as if you were over a friend's house for dinner.  we both agreed that we will definitely return to sapporo the next time that we are in pittsburgh.
great prices, huge portions and friendly environment. great place!
i just got lunch from here today.  for $9.63, i got soup, salad, vegetables tempura, 6 avocado rolls, steamed rice, and pickles.  it was a ton of food and more than filling enough - i didn't even eat the salad and i was stuffed.  i will agree that the wasabi was pretty weak - i added tons of it and it added almost no spice or flavor.  even though it was a bit pricier than i was expecting my menu was outdated and said the lunch would be $6.95.  oops., it was also very filling and worth it for a once-in-a-while treat.
freshly prepaired, made to order sushi. more variety than you can shake a stick at!
sushi selection limited...  miso soup tasted a little fishy.
sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  i was not a fan and probably won't be back.
just moved to the area, so i was looking for a good sushi place. this is a nice little joint.  it's very intimate, but they would have no problem seating a large party.  when my bf and i arrived we were the only ppl there it was memorial day, so sushi isn't too high up ppls lists for dinner   we ordered the spicy edamame and 4 rolls.  everything was reasonably priced, and very good.   staff was friendly!  will definitely be back!
they delivered to us recently, and i wasn't ecstatic over the shrimp fantasy i had. the sushi was decent. most of everything else was bland and average. i don't know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not. the delivery did come on time, though. nothing special in my book.
i had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special. i was surprised to see that there were only two other tables. the restaurant was dark and provided little in the way of ambiance. for $10, the sushi lunch special included salad, miso soup, 5 pieces of sushi along with a salmon roll and green tea. as far as how much you got for the money, it was a good deal.  on the negative side, the sushi was quite average, both in terms of taste and freshness.  little tokyo, which is located on washington rd. in mt lebanon about 5 minutes away has higher quality sushi, although it's a little bit pricier. if you are looking for good sushi, it's worth the extra five minute drive.
this was my second visit and alas, my last.   our first visit was at lunch and it was just ok. we weren't blown away nor were we impressed. but i will always opt to support a local mom & pop shop if all things are equal. this last visit was the pits.  it was 5:30pm on a saturday night. we were one of two tables. this is usually an indication of something fishy excuse the pun. appetizer was edamame. it was overcooked and left uneaten. i am not the adventurous sushi order-er; i had california rolls and spicy tuna. the tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. as for my ca rolls, the avocado was all brown! not just the parts on the top because i checked! all the way through. when i brought it to the staff's attention her response was "oh, yea. avocado is like banana. they get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday." what?!? they did bring me another batch that was part brown, part green but it was too late. this was my first sushi restaurant ever that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. yuck! filthy. not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. when i set it back is when i noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. needless to say, we skipped dessert.   our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.
i am a huge fan of RESTAURANT_NAME. they live within walking distance of my home, so it's no problem getting here and the temptation for sushi is always in the back of my mind! admittedly, the price of the food here tends to keep my cravings in check for a couple months at a time, but when i do come here, i enjoy every bite. occasionally i also order take-out since they have very reasonable lunch deals, but really, i prefer to sit and eat at the restaurant itself.  speaking of: the place itself is very quiet, which i actually like; i can just sit, talk with a friend or read a book, and then what a radical concept enjoy my food in peace. this is a big deal for me because the other places i know of where i can get sushi are loud, busy, and quite frankly, a little limiting options-wise compared to RESTAURANT_NAME's menu. if i want sushi, i either come here or i get a small pack at giant eagle. that's how much i dislike eating in the other sushi places i've visited in pittsburgh to date although with more and more places opening this opinion may change soon!. if i'm going to pay as much as i do for my fish, i want to be in a place i can sit and actually enjoy my food.  by the way, RESTAURANT_NAME does serve things other than sushi, so people looking for some japanese food that isn't rice and fish are definitely going to find something. there's some really delicious beef, chicken and pork dishes one family member of mine absolutely adores their pork katsudon. but of course, a place with the word "sushi" in its name is going to specialize in sushi, and there are pages and pages of sushi options available here. the orders come in various styles and sizes as well, so couples can get something to share or just get something smaller for themselves. the combos all come with soup and salad, which are also very yummy. my personal routine order as of today is a large salad and an order of softshell crab rolls. sure, i'll occasionally snag a bite from someone here with me, but the truth is that RESTAURANT_NAME makes such enormous orders that i need to be reeeally hungry to eat all of any other order i make.   but hey, at least you get your money's worth! i say definitely give this place a shot if you're a sushi fan.
great little neighborhood place. food is good, service is great.  try the tofu salad appetizer.
i go there as a tradition with my best friend when she comes home and it's one of my favorite places. the resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it's very relaxing. service is quick and friendly. the lunch specials are amazing deals and there's enough variety there that i never get bored with the choices. their tempura is the best i've ever had, and the rest of their food is just as amazing. their ginger dressing makes me want to drink it straight. even thinking about it has set me drooling!
delicious sushi! watched it be prepared in front of us and the entire place is super clean. friendly staff. highly recommend stopping here!
had lunch with my wife. the quality of the sushi was quite good. my wife had some tempura that was fabulous. service was friendly and quick. we really enjoyed our lunch. we will be back.
this place has restored my faith in delivery sushi. for the longest time i could only eat it fresh not delivery, but this is the second place ever i've found that i thoroughly enjoyed the sashimi appetizer, takosu, flower roll, and a spicy tuna roll with no asparagus. of the two places ever, this is my new number one. the spicy tuna roll and and sashimi app were my favorites! the hubby got yellowtail fish jowl, and fried rice... also very good. delivery was on point and even the call to put in the order was smooth and easy.
RESTAURANT_NAME is my favorite sushi restaurant in pittsburgh. their food is always excellent. i've only eaten in the restaurant a couple times, i usually order take out. the vegetable spring rolls are delicious. they are crispy, not greasy & the dipping sauce they come with is so good! it tastes like a wasabi mustard combination. cold sesame noodles are good. my favorite makisushi is the spicy salmon tempura roll, they fry the outer shell of the sushi so it's crispy & it's lightly topped with sauce. the shadyside roll which is smoked salmon, cream cheese & avocado, any of the vegetable tempura rolls which is a choice of yam, broccoli, asparagus or zucchini & the fresh salmon roll are all great choices.  you can't go wrong with RESTAURANT_NAME. if you're a fan of sushi they are a must try!
way overpriced and the rolls are incredibly small. i was not impressed with the sushi either. if you are looking for sushi, katana, only about a mile away, is way better. i would not recommend this place. if you are in the neighborhood, bados right next door or io cafe across the street are a much better choice.
good sushi and nice staff. if you eat at the restaurant it's always completely dead inside--which can be nice if you want some privacy, or bad if you don't want the staff to hear your conversation.
i've been coming to sushi 3 since high school and it's always been a local go-to for good sushi. the quality of the food and service have always been consistent every time i have stopped in.   i've tried a number of their rolls and none have disappointed. the pricing seems to be pretty average as far as sushi goes. the space is pretty small with maybe five booths and a few seats at the sushi bar. but it seems that this place gets a lot of takeout orders because every time i'm in, there are plenty of people coming and going. personally, i like dining in because it's so quiet and peaceful. in addition to fresh and flavorful sushi, the service is always fast. they usually have our food out to us in no time at all.  unfortunately i don't live nearby anymore so i don't get to stop in quite as often. but when i'm in the mood for sushi in the south hills area, sushi 3 is my top choice.
they took their vegetarian meal off the menu.  they'll make one for you especially but i always feel demanding and would prefer if they had just kept it on the menu.  plus, this one is always really quiet.  like, i feel guilty, like i'm troubling the staff.  and you have to drive through an apartment's parking lot to get there.  very awkward location and atmosphere.
i have been going to RESTAURANT_NAME's back when it was samuri... i visit the cleveland and pittsburgh one frequently. the cleveland one is better but they are both going down hill at a very fast past. i keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed. they have changed so many things in the past year and its for the worse. the shrimp the order they give you the food, the way the cut the veggies. im becoming a huge fan of itchiban both the one in robinson and cranberry, its cheaper and you get more food for your money . i hope beni's changes. i even e mailed them and they didnt respond .
i like this place it provides a great atmosphere and can handle big groups. they also send you a coupon for a free dinner on your birthday and can use it anytime during your birthday month.  i would recommend making a reservation as they are normally busy and it takes awhile to eat. but this is a great place to go for a special occasion.
it all depends on the chef who is performing for you . i have been here twice in last several months and felt everything was average . i have seen other chefs in different restaurants and they have put on a much better show .
what a great time we had... but credit goes to the company i'm lucky enough to keep, not so much to this particular RESTAURANT_NAME location. sooo... if you're a fan of teppanyaki, this review may ring familiar. if you've not done teppan style before... consider this a sort of "what to look for" primer.  there were five of us, sharing our table with a very nice young, near-newlywed couple; may 2010. our table wait time, without a reservation, was about 35 minutes or so. maybe they were waiting for a newlywed couple to join us?. and what lengthened the wait was the understaffed bar. we waited nearly 10 minutes to see a bar-server, and another 15 minutes to get our drink order. while everyone was friendly and apologetic, even apologies get old when they're used to salve away exceedingly slow service. maybe the reason they appear to be busy, even on a wednesday night.......? they had an abundance of tables celebrating "birthdays." i'd guess i listened to at least twelve renditions of "happy birthday", sung by the "greentree-RESTAURANT_NAME-bday choir!" oi vay...... next time i'm bringing earplugs!   :-  my impression? this is pittsburgh; not my destination for "great japanese cuisine." so while this fine city certainly has some excellent eateries, when it comes to chain or franchised restaurants, you have to compare each location to the balance of their nation-wide organization. and having eaten at teppan style restaurants for many years, and many RESTAURANT_NAMEs, i'd have to grade this particular location in the "c" range; very average.  before we were seated, and while we were waiting in the bar, i spied the dining room. it appeared all the chefs were slow, seemingly ackward with their knives. and almost comically so. one anglo chef, no offense to scandinavians that dream of becoming a teppan-guru, well, this guy looked like it was his first night, cutting off the shrimp tails...... almost one at a time, and still having a problem!? i think you get the idea. i've seen some teppan-knife wielders, line up the shrimp and with one long swipe... de-tail-a-fy 30 with one stroke! not here... some of the chefs may be on "beginner knife-speed restriction?"  as one reviewer mentioned; "...it depends on which chef you get at your table." and with teppanyaki style restaurants, and especially RESTAURANT_NAMEs, it's very true. it shouldn't be like that, but here in greentree, and the evening we went, wednesday night around 630p, it was like going to a "barber college" to get a free haircut, and trying to figure out how to judge the best out of a group of "beginners." our chef was possibly the best of the crowd, sounds like... "you have to go to my doctor, he's the best!", but if compared to all the RESTAURANT_NAMEs i've visited, he too would be a c to c- level; maybe a "brown belt" in marshall arts vernacular? he did the "flip shrimp tail into the hat and pocket trick"..... finally making it on the third try. but he did smile throughout the demo. a good attitude is worth allot in my book.  the food? pretty good. essentially, we ordered "everything on the right side of the menu"... mainly because i was treating my customer service staff... the greatest asset i have for my sales region. and because one of them had never teppanyak-eed, i made sure we tried everything! sushi, lobster, filet steak, scallops, shrimp, calamari, chicken..... well, you get the idea. what with the added rice and vegetables, it was a "belly-busting-feast." and again, because of the great company, we had a wonderful time.  so overall, i gave this restaurant 3-stars. it was the total experience. the food was good, and more important, the company was great. but as you can see from my comments, i felt like this particular RESTAURANT_NAMEs location was struggling to meet the corporate concept; trying to do it with pittsburgh locals who, from the hosts to the bartending staff, to the chef and server staff, just seemed like misfits. had this been a "lone star steakhouse", or a "fridays", i'd have felt everything fitted just right.
the atmosphere was fun. our chef was very nice and entertaining. the filet was excellent.  their salad dressing is a little harsh for my taste.  over all it was a great time. i will definitely go back.
RESTAURANT_NAME.  it's just rolls off the tongue, doesn't it?  no, unfortunately not.at.all...anymore.  from hence forth, all mentions of RESTAURANT_NAME are likely to cause anxiety in my usually calm heart.  i hate complaining like this. i really do. but sometimes, you just have to, ya know?  tuesday evening i met a group of friends for a birthday dinner.  the reservation for our party of nine was for 7:00pm.  all but one of our party arrived prior to 7:00, but the hostess was curt in explaining that all party members needed to be present before we were seated, as our chef would be ready to begin meal preparation as soon as we were seated.  fortunately, the final member of our party arrived shortly and we were seated at 7:05pm.  it was not until 7:40pm that first contact with our server was made. without any apology for the delay she took our drink orders.  she name withheld because i don't want to be rude returned more than 10 minutes later with our drinks, but waited another 10-15 minutes after that to take our dinner orders.  as i was waiting i looked over at the table next to us, who were also clearly celebrating a child's birthday.  at one point the mother i'm assuming smiled at me and said, "i hope you get out before midnight. we've been here over two hours.  we're taking our cake and getting out of here."  upon taking our orders, one of our guests explained that due to a shrimp allergy it was necessary to cook any shrimp ordered by our group in another area a neighboring grill, etc..  our server said that she would have to ask the manager, who came to our table shortly thereafter.  when the manager arrived at the table my guest explained her allergy and his response was that it might be in her best interest to leave.  i'm giving him the benefit of the doubt that he meant leaving the table, not the restaurant, but i'm not certain of this. following this recommendation he mentioned that she could wait in the bar as the rest of us dined table-side.  i asked him why it was not an option to prepare the shrimp at a neighboring table, but he expressed concern that other customers may require the use of the other available tables.  i understand his point, but the restaurant was near-empty as the hour quickly approached 8:30pm.  finally, he offered to prepare the shrimp portions of our meals in the kitchen.  i'm not sure why this wasn't initially mentioned as an option, but i'll leave it at that.    our chef tom eventually arrived at our table. he was very pleasant and efficient during the course of our meal preparation.  during his time at the table my emperor's salad was delivered, as were the majority of my table's sushi orders.  however, two of our guests that ordered sushi were not served at this time.  in fact, they were not served until a full 10 minutes after the rest of our party finished our meals.  at one point, they inquired about the delay to she-whose-name-shall-not-be-mentioned, who responded that they were "waiting for the rice."  when she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay.    two hours and thirty+ minutes after we arrived at RESTAURANT_NAME, we left.  from start to finish, the entire evening was a terrible experience.  it was ridiculous to the point that there was not even soap or toilet paper available in the restroom.  were it not for the kindness and professionalism of tom and the awesome company of friends, the night would have been a complete waste.    my final thought is this. the food was fine, but because i was feeling particularly piggish on this tuesday evening, i enjoyed two california rolls from my stash of costco sushi at home before departing for the restaurant. the difference between costco's rolls and RESTAURANT_NAME's...a toss up - just sayin.  the good news is, this will give my friends something to whine about for years to come...
i have to admit, i kind of thought RESTAURANT_NAME was fictitious until we moved to pittsburgh... and then low and behold, there was one right near where we live. the food is okay. there are better hibachi options in the area. the service can be okay or awful. one time, we were there with our kids and had an absolutely evil waitress. one of my kids isn't a big eater, so instead of ordering her a full kids' meal, we just got a side order of rice and soup. the kids' meal her brother was having came with ice cream, so when we were done with dinner, we asked if she could get ice cream as well. i don't know if she thought we wanted the ice cream free which we definitely didn't! but she said no, we absolutely could not order ice cream separately. you either get it with the kids' meal or you don't get it. wtf?
only complaint was when we arrived we were basically told we had to wait for another party to arrive prior to being seated.  was told we could go to bar---after saying no we wanted to be seated they agreed.  we made reservations for 3 and had no idea who other party was so why could we not be seated---we were not asking to be served.  over all experience was nice.  waitress very nice and attentive and so was chef.
love the food, but we get take out to the office and every time its a bit of an ordeal.    eat in.  if you're planning on take out make it simple.
i swore that kobe japanese steakhouse in orlando was the best one i had ever been to, but i think they may have some competition with this one.  my boyfriend and i tried them out on labor day, just get something different from what we normally do. he had been some years back before, and this was my first time. getting to the actual restaurant was a bit weird because of how you have to navigate the mountain i don't know, is that considered a mountain, or is it a hill? being from the south everything that makes me lift my legs/feet higher is a mountain. it was rather empty as it was only like 11.30am, but that was ok with us as we're not a big fan of people joke ... maybe. the interior is ridiculously awesome, especially the raised bar.  our chef walks up and it's a white man, which was a definite first for me at a japanese steakhouse. and he seemed out of it. during the course of the meal, he did inform us that he was hungover ... it's labor day, what're gonna do? it didn't bother me too much, but i think he did annoy the hell out of my boyfriend lol. he told some good albeit corny jokes, did the usual tricks plus a few new ones - he was overall entertaining.  the food: oh man, was it yummy. i got the soba noodles and beef julienne. the noodles were cooked in some type of sauce that i couldn't describe, but they were the best soba noodles i have ever had. the beef julienne was also super delicious. the sauce on it was described as a teriyaki sauce, but it didn't taste like it at all to me, which was fine with me because i'm not a big teriyaki fan.   after eating we hit the bar and had drink apiece. the bartender was really cool and the bar area had a great vibe and atmosphere. sure, japanese steakhouses are pricey, but this is one of the few i've been to that is more than worth it.
the sushi during happy hour is great. the wife and i eat well for $20.  that's drinking pop though.  don't judge.
it's okay for me. i don't love it but i don't hate it either. the sushi and hibachi were good but nothing to be crazy over, imo.  went here on a weekend so it was really busy so we sat in the bar seats instead.
very disappointing. we love japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in pittsburgh. nice atmosphere, service was fine, but our dinner was average to poor. the salad dressing was tasteless, the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy.  it tasted more steamed than hot grilled. the shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful. our chef  new and slow compulsively wiped his knives and the grill which was dirty when we sat down with a dirty rag?  i guess a lot depends on the chef you get but ours cooked a tasteless meal. the sushi people ordered at the table looked good.   we are not big on the circus atmosphere of saga, but the wexford location does have the best hibachi food in pittsburgh to our taste.
this is my favorite place to eat. the shrimp, fried rice, steak, sauces, and just everything are incredible. the prices can be a bit high but it is worth it!
ok. it started out as a rough night . 40 minutes late honoring our reservation, lack of communication from management. slow service once we did get seated. our 8:30 reservation was not met with any food until at least 9:30. really crazy. however, it was made alllll better by our chef, tito. when we go back and we *will* go back -- we will ask for tito.  is he japanese? no, but he is awesome.   to apologize the manager did comp our entire meal... we were a party of 10 -- and we took good care of our servers...it really wasn't their fault. happy xmas eve tito you know how to do it right. thanks.
RESTAURANT_NAME is by far our favorite steak and seafood place in the area. the food is so fresh. the chefs are great. the wait staff is excellent.  if you're looking for shrimp flying and loud chefs singing obnoxious songs then this is not for you. if you want a friendly  atmosphere and delicious food then this is your place.  the sushi is fresh and tasty. the quality of food is obviously there.
love this place! great sushi and have great sushi specials at lunch and hh. bartenders are the best also. marty is the man!
had a wonderful experience at RESTAURANT_NAME with the family last night.  we love hibachi restaurants and go to various area restaurants on a regular basis.  RESTAURANT_NAME is the oldest of the hibachi restaurants in the area, so we had not been for a while.  we arrived early before the rest of our party and the staff was very welcoming.  they would regularly stop by and make sure we didnt need anything.  after our party arrived, we were seated and our chef came out. he was very entertaining and the food tasted amazing.  the best part was how accommodating the staff was.  one member of our party had a food allergy and the manager specifically came over to ensure that all food would be made in the back and would not come in contact with other ingredients.  we had our 2 year old daughter with us and part way through the meal she started squirming and wanted to walk around the restaurant.  after a few "laps" of the restaurant, without us asking, the manager came out with crayons and paper which made our daughter very happy.    everyone was so pleasant and the food was better than i had remembered.  RESTAURANT_NAME has a lot of competition from saga, nakama and others, but after our most recent visit, RESTAURANT_NAME definitely has the best value and the best staff.  we visited saga shortly after going to RESTAURANT_NAME and just kept commenting on how much better benihaha was.
this is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant i have eaten at. the food is very bland from the onion soup to the fried rice which basically was white rice with chopped onions to the chicken which was so pale it looked like it was boiled. hibachi food typically has tons of flavor and tastes good because it has some grill marks and char, which none of our food had. i question whether it was even cooked on the hibachi table we ate at a regular table but ordered from the hibachi menu. not only was the food bad but the service was terrible. our waiter didn't even know that hibachi dinners should come with the two sauces, he acted confused when i asked for them. additionally, we ordered a sushi roll for an appetizer and instead of getting it before dinner, we received it after our dinner even though we saw it sitting at the sushi bar for a good 15 minutes beforehand. this restaurant may have been around for a long time but it doesn't even compare to other hibachi restaurants and was more expensive than any other i've eaten at.
this place is crappy the only veggies u get is onions and zucchinis took the server 30 min to serv us drinks then took them 20 min to take orders by the time the chef comes out already an hour just for the food and the show after we ate our waiter didnt even recommend anny desserts just gave us the chek and leave with out saying anny thing els o i for got we were still eating like wtf im still eating and so was mi family and u just give me the check the chef just left like five min ago . i recamen go sime where els n eat
i've been coming here regularly for almost 30 years, basically since i was born, starting back when it was samurai. some of the older waitresses hide! are like family at this point, so i may be a bit bias. the food is always good, the servers are friendly, and the chefs are entertaining without being obnoxious like a lot of other hibachi places. i'm not big on sushi, but what i've had is good. they have a fantastic selection of wines, beers, and sake. i'll probably be coming here for another 30 years.
this is the worst hibachi i have ever had.  we came here for a friends birthday, and i will never be going back. service was mediocre, but the food was the real travesty. you go to hibachi for a show, but it's not fun when the cook makes the same giant eagle joke the entire time.  he also couldn't perform all the tricks that are pretty standard from hibachi chefs.  the food. not good.  my boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle.  he didn't bother to have the guy heat it more, b/c it would have just been a hassle.  the chef forgot one friends meal completely and got rude with the server.  then after everything was cooked, he looked at me and asked did you eat all your shrimp. i replied "no, you never served me any." i had ordered the chicken and shrimp.  he then sends the server back into the kitchen to get more. by the time they were cooked, everyone was finished eating.  come on.  to make matters worse, when we left we saw that he was the head chef. that doesn't say too much for the rest of them.  i don't know how people keep coming here.  there is way better hibachi in pittsburgh, for a lot less money.  i mean honestly, i paid $9.50 for a glass of kendall jackson. no.  the best part of the meal were the cupcakes that my friend brought.  do your wallet and your stomach a favor and go to a different hibachi place.  RESTAURANT_NAME is not worth your time or money.
RESTAURANT_NAME has always been one of my favorite hibachi places, but the last couple of times we went, service wasn't too good. our cook appeared to be high and dropped things during his presentation. he had us worried while he controlled the fire of the stove top and flipped items in the air because he just did not seem to be experienced or professional. the food is always very good though and i have never been disappointed by it! the green tea ice cream is especially unique and delicious! i also love their buttery lobster and would definitely order it again! i really hope that RESTAURANT_NAME stays strict on who represents them on the floor and monitors their workers' quality of work more because they have the name and the product down.
i thought the food was absolutely delicious and fresh. our hibachi chef, hoy, was fantastic! i ordered tofu and veggies asparagus, broccoli, onion, snow peas, for me everything was prepared to perfection. we didn't get a show, but we had really good conversation throughout our lunch.  our server was, in his words "still waking up" and not on top of his game at all, he forgot to put in my boyfriends extra fried rice and something for the guests we were seated with. when the server doesn't put in an order, the kitchen doesn't put it on the cart and when your chef gets to the grill, he doesn't have everything he needs and everything gets held up.   i left with a big happy belly which is not usually the case when i eat hibachi and everyone else in my party was just as pleased!  fun fact: RESTAURANT_NAME is no longer able to pop food in your mouth because someone in florida i believe got a hot shrimp to the eye and sued the company.
we celebrated my daughter's 12th birthday at RESTAURANT_NAME on 10/16/14.  the food was delicious and the chef was very talented and entertaining!  he did things with the food on the hibachi we hadn't seen before...a big heart made out of fried rice and made it "beat" using the spatula.        the only negative was when it came time for them to sing happy birthday our waitress was the only one around so our poor waitress was stuck doing the birthday songs by herself so we joined in to help her.  no wonder our waitress seemed so unhappy with her job.     i was happy that we had the option of brown rice and not just white or fried rice.
this place has the weirdest entrance ever. just be prepared.   came for my sons 5th birthday last night. he's a little foodie. the restaurant itself is nice and we were seated pretty quickly.  our waitress showed up 2 seconds later to take drink orders and appetizer/sushi orders. i just asked for water and some time to actually look at the menu. several min later out waitress came back with drinks and asked to take orders. i ordered chicken and steak along with a cranberry mojito. quickly after taking orders our waitress brought out our soup. i liked it but it lacked salt. before i even finished the salad course came out. i was able to enjoy both before the chef came out to prepare our meal. what did bother me was all the dishes in our area. i can't stand a dirty table and i wish our waitress would have removed them sooner. our chef penny wasn't the best hibachi chef i've seen but she was great with my son and he really enjoyed watching her. she was honestly a lot of fun. the hibachi itself was pretty good. i liked the fried rice which is an up charge. the steak was good and so was the chicken. i honestly don't think it was anything special. dessert was ice cream also nothing special.   so to sum it up our waitress seemed overwhelmed and managed to make me feel rushed even though i feel she could have visited our table a few more times then she did. that along with being overpriced is why only the 3 stars.
my family and i have been going to RESTAURANT_NAME for about 5 years now. we've always had to wait at least a half an hour to be seated, even when we've had reservations. in the past its been forgivable, mostly because its close to home for us, the food is okay albeit a little pricey, and my grandmother absolutely loves the entertainment of hibachi. but that all changed last night when we went out with a party of 8 for my and my mothers birthday.   i made reservations two weeks in advance for our birthday dinner. when i called they were almost totally booked and only had a few spots left that evening. our reservations were for 7:30.   we arrive a little early at 7:20 and i let the hostess know that we are there and she checks us in. then we basically just wait and wait and wait. we notice the hostess turning people away, and we notice two tables who have been seated for about 30 minutes now haven't even gotten their soups or salads. by now its nearly 8 o'clock. then my mother overhears the hostess telling someone that they are short staffed and the wait is going to be extremely long. by this point we've been waiting for 45 minutes. my sister takes a walk through the restaurant and notices there is only 1 hibachi chef working, but there are seven tables seated, all waiting for food/drinks. so i ask the hostess how much longer before we are seated. she informs me that it will be at least another half an hour before we get a table, because two hibachi chefs and two kitchen chefs called off sick. it would be another hour after were seated before they would even start taking our food orders.   this is totally unacceptable. first of all, the hostess should have informed us when we arrived that they were short staffed and we would have a very very long wait. or, the manager should have phoned people with reservations and asked if they could reschedule. either way, we should have been informed instead of letting us stand in the lobby for an hour, not knowing that it would be another hour and a half before we would actually eat, on an evening when we had reservations.   we decided to call ichiban to see if they could accommodate us. they told us we could walk right in and be seated immediately. as we were leaving we ran into a gentleman who was outside smoking who told us that his party had reservations for 6:30 and they still had not ordered their food! it was now about 8:20pm.   our first dinner at ichiban actually turned out to be much better than our previous dinners at RESTAURANT_NAME, so i don't think we'll ever be going back there. i think ichiban will be our new hibachi restaurant of choice.
where do i start?  the horrible location?  the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating?  or do i skip right to the waiter?  for those of you who have lack of taste, enjoy employees at a restaurant that seem they could not care less about their job, or even enjoy sushi not made the correct way,  even if you love establishments that hire employees that seem to not care for quality of food or knowledge of food.  i highly suggest you go here. when we arrived at this location which opened up 15 minutes prior to us getting there we noticed a few individuals already sitting at their tables enjoying themselves, so we figured we'd be sat right away.  instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  ready for what?  we weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted hibachi or the sushi bar.  after we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  after receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  our starters consisted of spicy seafood soup, edimame, and shrimp tempura.  after a few more minutes we decided we wanted to enjoy sushi for lunch and so we placed our order to the waiter and asked if our starters were about ready in which he replied yes they should be out shortly.  instead 2 of our 4 sushi orders come out followed by edimame and then followed by the shrimp tempura 5 minutes after that.  we then proceeded to ask about the soup and rest of our sushi order, we were informed the soup takes a very long time and that the sushi was being made still.  we understood why the sushi may take a little more time due to what we ordered  the edimame was very delicious, but the shrimp tempura had me baffled at what we had ordered and why the cost was $8 for the very small portioned flavorless tempura, which included i'm assuming a thousand island dressing for some reason?  it was definitely not your normal tempura sauce in which we've enjoyed many times before in other RESTAURANT_NAME locations.  as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready.  is this a lack of service, food staff, or poor kitchen management with untrained so called "chefs"?  we decided it was best to simply cancel the soup in which then we were coincidentally informed the soup was ready and if we still wanted it.  during this whole ordeal, we had not seen our original waiter since we had placed our orders and instead had 2 other employees that had no clue what we ordered and had to run back and forth asking what we had and what we were waiting for still.  i wouldn't have minded being informed our original waiter was busy and they were going to take over for him, had our order been alright, or even if had our food been tasty.  the tempura was horrible, the sushi was questionable, and the service was beyond ridiculous.  if you're wondering what was so bad about the sushi, i'll make it simple for you.  looks and taste both scored a 3 out of 10.  lack of knowledge of the sushi from the employees should of been a red flag to us from the get go, instead we took a chance.  we love RESTAURANT_NAMEs, but never again at this location.  from our experience with hibachi type establishments we've always encountered great personalities, great service, and tasty food that left us wanting to come back for that experience.  instead we left with a sour taste in our mouths and with about $60 less in our pockets.
where do i start?  the horrible location?  the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating?  or do i skip right to the waiter?  for those of you who have lack of taste, enjoy employees at a restaurant that seem they could not care less about their job, or even enjoy sushi not made the correct way,  even if you love establishments that hire employees that seem to not care for quality of food or knowledge of food.  i highly suggest you go here. when we arrived at this location which opened up 15 minutes prior to us getting there we noticed a few individuals already sitting at their tables enjoying themselves, so we figured we'd be sat right away.  instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  ready for what?  we weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted hibachi or the sushi bar.  after we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  after receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  our starters consisted of spicy seafood soup, edimame, and shrimp tempura.  after a few more minutes we decided we wanted to enjoy sushi for lunch and so we placed our order to the waiter and asked if our starters were about ready in which he replied yes they should be out shortly.  instead 2 of our 4 sushi orders come out followed by edimame and then followed by the shrimp tempura 5 minutes after that.  we then proceeded to ask about the soup and rest of our sushi order, we were informed the soup takes a very long time and that the sushi was being made still.  we understood why the sushi may take a little more time due to what we ordered  the edimame was very delicious, but the shrimp tempura had me baffled at what we had ordered and why the cost was $8 for the very small portioned flavorless tempura, which included i'm assuming a thousand island dressing for some reason?  it was definitely not your normal tempura sauce in which we've enjoyed many times before in other RESTAURANT_NAME locations.  as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready.  is this a lack of service, food staff, or poor kitchen management with untrained so called "chefs"?  we decided it was best to simply cancel the soup in which then we were coincidentally informed the soup was ready and if we still wanted it.  during this whole ordeal, we had not seen our original waiter since we had placed our orders and instead had 2 other employees that had no clue what we ordered and had to run back and forth asking what we had and what we were waiting for still.  i wouldn't have minded being informed our original waiter was busy and they were going to take over for him, had our order been alright, or even if had our food been tasty.  the tempura was horrible, the sushi was questionable, and the service was beyond ridiculous.  if you're wondering what was so bad about the sushi, i'll make it simple for you.  looks and taste both scored a 3 out of 10.  lack of knowledge of the sushi from the employees should of been a red flag to us from the get go, instead we took a chance.  we love RESTAURANT_NAMEs, but never again at this location.  from our experience with hibachi type establishments we've always encountered great personalities, great service, and tasty food that left us wanting to come back for that experience.  instead we left with a sour taste in our mouths and with about $60 less in our pockets.
seems my review was filtered so i'll share my 2 cents again, this place is sad.  awful service, awful food, and the lack of knowledge is a smack in a real chef's face.
the absolutely worst hibachi experience i've every had in my life! it was my granddaughter's 4th birthday and thought she'd get a kick out of a hibachi chef. fist we wait 45 mins or so to be seated. the restaurant wasn't even half full. we chose the dinner portion instead of the lunch because by this time we were very hungry and the waitress said we would get larger portions. she lied. our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible! he spoke so softly that you couldn't hear anything he said. he barely spoke and didn't put on any kind of show at all! our 4 year old was so bored that she wanted to leave. the other party that was seated with us all ordered the lunch versions and they got more food! the chef mixed everything together so no one got a larger portion than anyone else. the only thing that we got instead of them was a half a slice of zuccini and a little bit of onions. none of us even like onions. my "steak" was at least 1/4 fat which the chef cut off and disposed of which didn't even leave enough for a small sandwich. by the time our main course was served our vegetables and rice were ice cold. we asked to speak to the manager who told us that they weigh the portions in the back before they bring them out to cook them. however like i said the chicken was all mixed together and at least 1/4 of my steak was complete fat and thrown out. the manager didn't seem to care at all about our situation. we paid almost $10 a meal extra for the "dinner" portion. he could have easily knocked it down to the "lunch" price, but he refused. after all this, we over heard another chef complaining that the place had new owners and everyone quit.  i for one will never, ever, go back there and would suggest everyone who reads this to stay away. we feel completely cheated.
RESTAURANT_NAME is good, yes, but it is not updated as other hibachi restaurants. the furnishings, carpet, set up hasn't changed in years and the staff/food isn't always up to par. i can eat paleo here though, which was a new discovery. i've always appreciated sushi, but i never ordered it raw without the fun additions of tempura, sesame seeds, soy sauce, cream cheese, and everything else that makes sushi awesome, so this was a new experience. i ordered the tuna tatiki, which was 10 chunks of raw tuna. i ordered it without sauce or seeds. it was a little tough to get down because there were so many pieces and after a couple raw pieces, i needed some extra searing, which they did for me no problem! the server was wonderful- she was helpful and had no problem going to extra mile for someone with diet restrictions! i was very happy about this because the last time we sat in the bar, our waiter was really odd. he didn't explain the foods and extra charges our waiter last night did and he seemed like we were bothering him. i was happy to have a better experience last night, but i do think that RESTAURANT_NAME needs to monitor their staff better. i had negative experiences twice related to incompetent staff, which really made my overall feeling of RESTAURANT_NAME go from positive to neutral. not to mention, the last time i was there, perhaps because we got hibachi at the bar, but it was not very good at all, and i got the most expensive dinner on the menu: "ocean's treasure." more recently when i visited RESTAURANT_NAME though the same time i got the raw tuna, i had a better experience- i ordered salmon and yellowtail sashimi. i was very nervous to bite into a raw cut of fish by itself, but was pleasantly surprised at how good the cuts of fish were. the yellowtail had a sweeter taste and the salmon was less sweet, but more flavorful. it was a great to jump outside of my comfort zone and appreciate the rawest of the raw food! i would definitely recommend RESTAURANT_NAME due to its location- i love that it is on a hill all to itself, and it's unique mark in pittsburgh, but i would choose other hibachi restaurants before i would choose this one.
RESTAURANT_NAME is my absolute favorite restaurant. every time i eat here the food is delicious and consistent. i pour that delicious pink sauce "yum-yum sauce" all over everything, i would probably drink it. although it is pricey, it is great for a date night!
for my friend's birthday, we went to RESTAURANT_NAME to celebrate. honestly, the only time i have ever been to RESTAURANT_NAME has been for birthdays. as many yelpers noted- their parking lot is very odd. be prepared.  i wanted to try some items that i never had at RESTAURANT_NAME before, so i decided i would be adventurous and try some sushi....vegetable sushi that is i am not a seafood lover. the vegetable roll consisted of: green leaf, avocado, cucumber, tomato, red cabbage and yamagobo. i dipped it in some soy sauce and added a small dab of wasabi to each bite. i didn't love it- i think sushi just all around is not something that i enjoy the taste of.   for my meal, i ordered the hibachi chicken. my boyfriend ordered the spicy hibachi chicken. the first course was soup. it was a light, chicken broth based mushroom and green onion soup and it was decent, nothing crazy or packed with flavor. the salad came shortly after- ice berg lettuce, cherry tomatoes, thinly sliced radishes and ginger dressing. i loved the dressing! i wasn't a fan of the mediocre choice of greens and vegetables though.   the main portion of the RESTAURANT_NAME/hibachi experience, is the show. our chef was very nice and very talented. he recognized the birthday girl at our table and gave her a special chef's hat, haha. he prepared our vegetables, shrimp appetizer and main entrees in front of us. the vegetables consisted of zucchini and onions. i agree with other yelpers- the vegetables could be improved. the portion isn't very large and more variety could be added. having said that, they were delicious. the shrimp was also very tasty.   my entire table ordered the fried rice with their meal and i highly recommend doing so, rather than ordering the white rice. the fried rice is made fresh right in front of you and is very good! the yum-yum sauce, of course, is the icing on the cake... so good. it went perfectly with the rice, chicken, veggies and shrimp. my whole table asked for additional sauce to go and the staff was very friendly and super accommodating! the hibachi chicken was very good and came with sauted mushrooms. i really enjoyed my boyfriend's spicy hibachi chicken- the sauce was wonderful.    at the end of the meal, everyone had a choice of sorbet. i had the rainbow sorbet- it was the perfect ending to a delicious meal. the staff also took our picture and printed a copy for the birthday girl.  RESTAURANT_NAME is not my favorite place to eat at all, but they are a great place to go for a birthday. the staff was wonderful, the food was good and we all had a great time. oh and a side note- their shirley temple's are awesome!
since the changes its just awful. shortcuts in sushi. quality of food is just not the same. the staff is very neglecting. it's sad to see what was once a great place go downhill due to changes in management. very sad.
if it isn't broken please for the love of god leave it alone!! i have had the good fortune to eat at and experience some really fine restaurants around the country. so it may suprise some that locally two chains never failed to bring me back again and again. RESTAURANT_NAME was one of them. sometimes i ate there 4 or 5 times a month. imagine my disappointment when twice i order my "go to" chicken and shrimp only to find shrimp is now colossal shrimp that had the consistency of shoe leather and mushrooms apparently don't apply. service consisted of being scorned by an older asian lady and told "it will be a while" to get my order corrected because they are busy! then while i wait at the bar i ask about my favorite bartender i'm told oh they fired is ass! truly more info than i needed! especially from the new bartender with no personality that took forever i was alone empty bar to serve me my ten dollar gin and tonic. looks like i'll be sampling one of the many japanese steak houses not called RESTAURANT_NAME in the future. w h at a shame. how can someone take a restaurant that was so good and ruin it so fast? it really must take some effort. i just hate to see it. i used to love this place.
extremely disappointed, food was absolutely awful.  we sat at the bar and ordered from there.  RESTAURANT_NAME special rice tasted like overcooked white rice with salt and chicken stock poured over it.  our vegetables were so soft, they all tasted the same, mushy.  my sushi hamachi had a 1.5" x .5" piece of underbelly still attached and was also inedible.  our chicken was flavorless and rubbery.   to top it off our server was uncaring and disinterested.  this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options.  it's too bad a once gold standard restaurant is not any longer.
my favorite place ever! for celebrations or just when i have a few extra dollars and am craving their fried rice and shrimp sauce. mmmmm  i could eat here everyday but i'd be broke, lol.   i first encountered this hibachi steakhouse when i lived in san diego, ca and was super excited to find out there was one in pittsburgh, pa.   reservations are advised to sit at the hibachi tables, which i think everyone should at least once.  if i'm going out after i usually just sit in the bar area at a regular table and skip the hibachi show.  i've never had a bad experience at either location i've gone to in over 10 years.  i'm not normally a fan of fried rice, however, beni fried rice is phenom and i always get an extra side to take home. its worth the extra $$ and it re-heats perfectly.
went for a friend's birthday and had the worst experience ever. we waited a while to order food once we received drinks. the waitress  wasn't very good at explaining the menu, we then sat and waited at least a half hour before a chef arrived -only to tell us that he was taking another table and we're getting a new chef...the chicken was chewy and undercooked, and 2 people at our table didn't receive what they ordered. when it was time for checks the waitress became standoff - ish with us telling us that someone needed to pay for the food that wasn't received because she has nothing to do with the chefs. we requested the manager and explained that our chicken was undercooked. he actually ate the chicken off of a plate and told us it was fine! !!! at the end of it all, the waitress didn't even know her managers name and was bashing him to our party. very unprofessional.  i won't eat there again, and will be sure to advise others to do the same
first off, if you haven't signed up already, sign up for your birthday coupon. so clutch! we went for dinner one weeknight to use my birthday coupon, and the coupon makes your meal free.   we decided to sit in the bar area so we could have a conversation and it was the best decision we could make. we were able to get the same, awesome hibachi food without the table of strangers and able to have a conversation while we ate. our waiter was seriously the best. he took extra special care of us and really just made our night. so my suggestion, if you don't want the show, but still want the deliciousness, sit at a table in the bar, you won't regret it. and get the filet with chicken with extra shrimp sauce. so good.
this RESTAURANT_NAME location is pretty great, i must say. we eat there a few times a year, but most recently for my daughter's 10th birthday. she wanted the beni shrimp, and she had such a good time! our waitress minsook was so sweet and attentive to our party, i can't say enough about her.   the thing i don't like about hibachi is waiting for a table, so i definitely recommend making a reservation can be done on their website and going on a weeknight. i also don't like crowds and i was surprised at the fact that it wasn't very busy on a thursday night. the wait time for our table was surprisingly very fast, too! we had 6 in our party and i appreciate that they didn't throw 2 strangers at our table.   i deducted one star because since we've eaten hibachi so many times, the 'show' is starting to get a little boring. the onion volcano and zucchini boat are great but give us more!
my son's girlfriend told him that she wanted to eat at a hibachi restaurant.  so i thought what a better place to go then the original, RESTAURANT_NAME.  it's been a while since we ate here since other places have opened in the neighborhood.    we made our reservations for 6:30pm and did not get seated until 6:47pm.  no explanation, no apology, nothing.  they weren't even close to being busy.    after being seated our conversation was interrupted by two issues.  one the door to the kitchen squeaks, loudly.  now you can just imagine how many times during a dinner that door is used.  buy some wd40 please.  the open hibachi station/seating area next to us was being vacuumed.  which i found rather ironic since the carpeted hallways that surround the bar were so dirty it made me think about leaving.  all of this compounded by the hostess being more concerned with takeout orders, a manager walking in circles and not doing a thing.   overall, very dissappointing experience.  there are much better and cleaner options.    i am not commenting on our chef/cook because i could tell he was new and not well trained.
this may sound terrible, and i apologize in advance. but ever since all of the japanese people left, this place hasn't been the same.  years ago, this place was incredible!!!!  and don't get me wrong, i still eat here religiously. i mean, who doesn't love the shrimp sauce?!?!?!  but i feel like the atmosphere has changed drastically. i miss that authentic feel.
i rate this as a one star, the server was the bartender and our server during happy hour! how is that a good idea? the presentation of the food was awful. compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite.
this is the worst hibachi restaurant in pittsburgh. the service was very slow and the food was not good for the price that is charged. the food was cold and everything was flavorless. the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner. the chicken was also extremely dry. nakama or ichiban are way better choices in pittsburgh.
love RESTAURANT_NAME! loved my experience there. had a great hibachi chef with yummy rolls to accompany my meal. all my friends had a great experience too. we capped off dinner with green tea ice cream - unique and delightful.
this is place is no longer what it used to be. we went late on a tuesday night and they said that they couldn't seat us for 30 minutes unless we wanted to sit at the bar even though it looked as though plenty of tables were open. we sat at the bar and looked at a menu as we just wanted to order sushi anyway. both the drinks and the sushi were astronomical in price. also, they didn't have much of a sushi menu at all. it was really disappointing. we actually just left and went somewhere else.
my older brother is special needs and has some personal dietary restrictions. he lives in a care home a few hours away, so when he visited us in pittsburgh a little while back, i really thought it would be fun for him to experience hibachi for the first time. i had read some rave reviews about how accommodating RESTAURANT_NAME had been in other locations, so we decided to visit RESTAURANT_NAME in greentree. my brother was so excited.  it was almost 10 pm, so we called first to see if they were still seating. they said yes. the place was completely empty. our waitress was lovely. we told her we wanted to try and make sure my brother had the closest hibachi experience he could with his dietary limits. one part of my brother's disability is that he only eats the same foods every day and cannot deviate.   i asked if we could substitute chicken for shrimp for the appetizer assuming there would probably be a small up-charge. we also asked that instead of rice or noodles, if, with his steak dinner, he could just have extra vegetables again, assuming that there may be a small up-charge. our waitress was very understanding, but said that she had to check with the manager first. she came back and said the manager said they couldn't accommodate.  i asked to see manager. directly in front of my brother, the manager said that they weren't able to accommodate and crassly explained that if "he" "wanted" a chicken appetizer instead of shrimp, we would have to buy a whole chicken dinner and if "he" "wanted" extra vegetables instead of rice or noodles, we would just have to buy another dinner. i was mortified, my boyfriend was mortified, the waitress looked mortified. my brother was uncomfortable and embarrassed and just kept staring down.  this was not the experience i was hoping my brother to have ... a gross display of disgusting and careless discrimination that has made me hurt for him his entire life. he shouldn't have been put in that position.  in case there was any confusion, i calmly made one last ditch effort to privately explain to the manager about my brother, but it was to no avail. i was livid. we paid for our one round of drinks, tipped the waitress - whose compassion touched my heart - and left.  i have to admit, i contemplated escalating this.   shame on you RESTAURANT_NAME. if that manager still has his job, i would suggest some kind of training on how to be a decent human being and not make others feel like they are a second class citizen just because they may be a little different from you. it's 2016. get with the program.  ***also, in case you're wondering, my brother has since been back to pittsburgh for a visit and did get to have his first hibachi at saga in robinson. they were wonderful, accommodating and respectful.
dirty place and horrible service. disappointed because it use to be good but now it's crappy
this place has been mine and my family's favorite restaurant since it was the samurai back in the 90s. over the past 20 years or so that we've been coming here, i haven't had a single bad experience. yes, sometimes you meet some "unique" people at your table, but i think that's part of the fun. whatever you do, don't be that person who sits there with other people and never says hello. doesn't mean you have to be bffs the whole meal, but it makes it really uncomfortable if you don't at least try and be a little friendly. the staff here who have worked here for years like heidi, are some of the nicest people around, and if you are a good customer, they definitely appreciate it. the shrimp sauce here is far better than ichiban, saga, or nakama. they don't do noodles and rice, but for me that is too many starches anyways. they recently switched to the jumbo shrimp, but if you want the regular size, just ask. they will also still do the "samurai triple" if you want it, though it isn't on the menu. overall, they're very accommodating. it's pricey, but the quality is worth it. also, sign up for the birthday club for a free meal on your birthday!
the place is awesome, the food is delicious, the waitress is kind...the white haired manager however, should not be working in any industry that has anything to do with customer service in my personal opinion.
RESTAURANT_NAME is the restaurant where i first experienced sushi, so it will always have a spot in my heart.  however, after gaining a little more knowledge of sushi, i still believe RESTAURANT_NAME is one of the best.  for one, i have still not seen daikon rolls on a menu in ohio, and they are one of my favorites.  RESTAURANT_NAME's avocado and kappa rolls are also excellent.  my favorite appetizer is the agedashi tofu, though the others are good as well.  the atmosphere is great for everything from a casual lunch to a pre-homecoming dinner.  the service is attentive, providing you with hot towels to clean your hands before dinner.  they will validate your garage parking for one hour, and the mints in a jar at the cash register are delicious.  i would highly recommend RESTAURANT_NAME, especially over sushi two or three, i never can remember on beverly road.
great restaurant for hibachi.  they do not prepare in front of you, but you also do not leave smelling like your food.  i would suggest filet hibachi.  lunch is a great deal $10 for full hibachi plate. restaurant is very clean
this is by far the best sushi in pittsburgh.    the food is all amazing, very fresh and authentic,  and i still compare most places i have been to RESTAURANT_NAME.  other than that, i don't have much to say because this restaurant really speaks for itself.    what you wont find here:  a trendy atmosphere like nakama  i picked nakama because it is also so popular in pgh, but the sushi more than makes up for it.
hurray RESTAURANT_NAME!    i haven't been here in years, but this is the place that i got introduced to sushi.  i still remember hesitantly slurping down my first salmon roll thinking raw fish must be the most awful thing in the world... and well, kinda loving it.    the owners are good friends of my family, from back when we lived in pittsburgh.  i remember when they were first starting out--my dad helped design and build the sushi counter, and my mom made the original cushions and server uniforms.  one time, i had an epic wasabi-eating contest with the owner's son.  on many a weekend as a kid i would go and stuff my face with all the sushi i could eat.  i know for a fact they use the freshest fish.   i may be biased, but i think my early experiences with massive-sushi-overload helped refine my tastebuds and make me the sushi snob i am today.  oh yeah, and they have fried ice cream.
great sushi bar. the staff and owner are extremely attentive. great presentation. decent price too. and i got to sit next to mario lemeuix at lunch a couple weeks ago!
i think this restaurant fits american taste. because i was the only non american to eat here just now, even though the seats are fully occupied it doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine, it is very chinese. and i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant. the sushi is not even firmly made  i am not saying the food is bad, it is actually alright   but they have a great interior and place
with prices this cheap, i expected bland sushi. but hey, it's pittsburgh.
excellent sushi place for pittsburgh - best i've found yet.  please don't expect west coast sushi - i did qualify my statement by saying "for pittsburgh".  i usually have to do this for pittsburgh restaurants.  sushi was a little loosely prepared, but the fish seemed very fresh, and the presentation was nice.    the service was excellent, too.  our waitress was very friendly, fast, and helpful.
i love, love this place.  the sushi at this place is what i use as a basis to compare other sushi.  i had my first taste of sushi at lil toks which is why it has become my benchmark.  now i will say that i have had better sushi at a few places umi in shadyside , pa and coast in chicago, but for what your paying at this place you cannot get a better value for the quality.  those other places that i mention you'll definitely be paying alot more for marginally better sushi - at least in my opinion.  so whenever i'm in the mood for some sushi i come to this place.  i should also mention that they have the most amazing fried ice cream...ever...even better than chi chi's fried ice cream for those who remember.  people it's seriously that good!
love RESTAURANT_NAME. dedicated customers keep the place full all week long and on the weekends. if cleanliness is important to you, this is the restaurant you want. you could safely eat off the floors. staff is friendly but unobtrusive. a definite favorite.
sunday night dinner turned sunday night delight!  we started the meal with spicy salmon tartar. we originally order spicy tuna tartar but they were out of tuna and our waitress suggested the salmon version. it was quite good even though tuna would have had an edge for me as far as my preferences. i had the nabeyaki udon and was pleased but i don't think i would order it again. it was just not for me. my boyfriend really liked it. but a bit too leek-y/scallion-y and i just didn't care for the kamaboko. my boyfriend had the little conqueror and was really happy.  great service, lovely atmosphere and super food....will be revisiting!
best fresh sushi in town. their prices are great and the service is good. they also own the RESTAURANT_NAME in south side and both places are awesome.
just arrived into town & had a taste for sushi! remembered this place's reviews & after hitting a curb, damaging the hubcap of my rental i finally made it in! i ordered my sushi usual: ginger salad, spicy tuna & sushimi ika. the ginger salad was good, but not great...i am spoiled when it comes to ginger dressing & this was not my favorite ginger dressing. the spicy tuna was fabulous! i got 3 pieces of ika. they were good, but not the freshest i have had. my major complaint is that i asked for a side of sirachi & instead got just a hot oil...hmmmm...
walk through the front door and the owner, in a white shirt and tie , will greet you with a smile. staff service will be excellent. they will treat you like a star. the shushi and all menue items are fabulous. the wine selection can only be called excellent, outstanding. plenty of parking across the street in a 4-story, enclosed garage. y ou will never, never go away hungry.....
one of the best sushi in town! plus they are nice enough to let us separate the bills and fulfill all our picky request
being from san francisco, sushi is a way of life. even my kids will eat sushi over a piece of pizza. moving to mt. lebanon was fraught with challenges but one of the biggest was finding good sushi. luckily, RESTAURANT_NAME fit the bill! no, it's not the premier sushi in the world, but it is good, solid, consistent and very enjoyable.   the staff are nice. the atmosphere all you could ask in a local sushi shop.   thanks for being in mt. lebanon RESTAURANT_NAME. might have had to move back to san francisco otherwise!
very good sushi.  enjoyed all of it.  great salad and soup as well.  make reservations, esp on a weekend.  the only thing we didn't like was the continual loud birthday celebrations.
this is a reliable japanese restaurant in uptown mt. lebanon. it's kid-friendly, and since we live in lebo it's convenient. service is always very friendly. i personally do not like their miso soup but everyone else in my family does. veggie sushi is very good. they will also do a vegetarian hibachi entree that's not on the menu, but i think the sushi's better.
i love this place!! i'm not a sushi fan, so i have 2 words for the non-sushi eater: hibachi chicken! dip it in that yummy shrimp sauce!
we hit RESTAURANT_NAME for lunch about once a week.  we love their avocado rolls and hibachi shrimp.  my kids love it too.  really good food, very reliable nice service, the owner always says "hi" and makes sure everyone is happy.  great place, also great for take-out. nice lunch prices too!!
let's face it,  this is not japanese food. the food is ok but it is really more or less chinese food. the soups taste chinese and lack the umami quality because they are not hon-dashi based. the rice used for the sushi is totally incorrect long grain rice, and not properly vinegared.
good experience, will def. come back if i'm in town for work again!
great service, nice prices, stylish atmosphere and excellent sushi. the discovery roll is fantastic!
i refuse to eat sushi in southwestern pa because i am disappointed every single time. RESTAURANT_NAME on the other hand has won over my heart. their sushi may not be the best i have ever had but it is definitely has my invisible stamp of approval. the place is a decent size with average decor and nice staff. i would have given this place three stars based on food, service and decor alone but the one chef did something so amazing for me that i added on an extra star. i requested a roll that wasn't on the menu and it took a lot persuading our waitress to bring the idea to the chef. our waitress explained to the chef would i asked for and she said that he will try his best. all i have wanted since moving to this area is a delicious avocado and inari roll. and that is exactly what i got. i no longer worry about sushi in this area.
i came here craving some sushi.  looked up the best reviewed sushi place in my area and found this little restaurant.  i was excited at the front because it was a small restaurant and i love supporting small mom and pops.    i figured this may be a little diamond in the rough.  man, was i wrong.  the sushi was not fresh.  the sushi wasn't rolled tight either.  the rice didn't have the trademark sushi rice flavor.   spoiled by the fresh ingredients and catches of california, i felt like the ingredients were sort of old.  considering i went in on a saturday, i figured it might be better but it wasn't at all.  the service was good.  that's the justification for the 2 stars.  otherwise, i really wouldn't recommend this place to other people.
i'm new to pittsburgh and recently my girlfriend came into town to visit.  we decided we had a taste for sushi and looked up a few places.  on a saturday night, it was tough to find a nice sushi place that wasn't booked for the rest of the night or very busy.  we finally decided on this one after calling many others that were too busy...i'm so glad we went here.  the sushi was very good it wasn't swimming 10 minutes ago, but for a land-locked city it was damn good, the ambiance was nice decorations weren't tacky, music wasn't blaring, tv wasn't enormous, and the service was -- in a word -- awesome.  i've had my fair share of fine dining and five star service but our waitress here was better in kind, not degree.  we were all laughing and talking, she taught us a few things about japanese culture, and still seamlessly waited on our table; she was just so personable.  she got the largest percentage tip i've ever left and she deserved every cent.  she really made the experience special for us.  i would not give a second's hesitation to going back to RESTAURANT_NAME.
best sushi in pittsburgh, hands down.   their fish is always fresh, colorful, and full of flavor. i've been here countless times and cannot recall one subpar meal. service is always fantastic, and i must give them props because i had a party of 20 for my birthday and they handled it seamlessly.   get the fried ice cream, it's worth it.
my husband and i ordered take out on a saturday night as our first experience with this place.  i really wanted sushi as i had just had a baby and it had been a long time since i got that craving met.  we were told it would be a half hour before it would be ready but that was fine because we had to drive to pick up anyway.  upon arriving at the door, i could see that the place was hopping, all tables full and plenty of couples waiting to be seated.  the staff was fast, directing me over the the sushi bar where i checked out immeadiately.  as i was walking out the door i overheard the staff asking those waiting for tables if they would like to order a drink, which i thought was a nice touch.  we ordered 6 different rolls. the david, the first date, the pittsburgh, the american dream, the spicy tuna and a shrimp tempura roll.  the rolls were all placed into 2 containers and none of them were labeled.  but it really didn't matter because we loved it all!    based on the price of the various rolls, i'm guessing that the david and the first date were the ones we really liked the best!  we also got a large ginger dressing to go, as we had salads at home to eat, and it was also excellant!  we highly suggest that if you like ginger dressing, get this for your house as i have tried several different bottled brands in the grocery store and none have that distinct quality that is found in a ginger dressing from a hibachi place.our total bill with tax was $66, but we really did get a lot of food.
nice light and open restaurant with two dining areas and a long sushi bar.  it was crowded with many families and a few singles at the sushi bar.  ordered several different sushi rolls and was not disappointed....fresh and presentation was good.  our server was very attentive and helpful.  she and others stopped by to check on us and refill our drinks.
RESTAURANT_NAME is simply the best fish in the city.  we've tried all the competitors, but keep coming back here.
the sushi here was great.  everything tasted fresh and tender.  the restaurant is very clean as well, which always makes me more comfortable when going out for sushi.  the place was crowded but not over-bearing, and our service was great too.  by the way, i finally crossed uni off my bucket list here.  i encourage those who have not tried it to do so sometime, but it was certainly a mouthful, and was definitely one of the more, well, interesting things i have eaten in a long while.
the sushi was very good. the atmosphere was simple and charming.
the best sushi in pittsburgh, without question.  this little gem is nestled in the heart of mt. lebanon.  my husband was raised in mtl and has been eating at this place for as long as he can remember.  he introduced me to it when we were dating and it has become our go-to place.   we've learned the hard way that sushi in pittsburgh is best served here.  the fish is flavorful and bright and the sushi is artfully crafted.  i've sampled a few non-sushi dishes, but stick with the raw stuff because, well, it's pure heaven.  we have our favorites - black marlin and yellow tail sashimi, eel nigiri and the spicy tuna and philly fresh salmon, only! rolls.  we just discovered the spicy scallop in seaweed and it is to die for.    we went through a phase during which we celebrated milestones birthdays, promotions, etc at different "hot spots" around the city and were always left a bit disappointed.  don't get me wrong, we certainly eat elsewhere, but our celebratory dinners are always with frank, et al @ lt.   now, i'm not wearing blinders and certainly recognize that the place on ellsworth in shy is higher end and offers a more elegant experience, but the quality of the fish really isn't that different... not to mention, who splurges for that on a regular basis?    look no further and skip the craziness and mediocrity of nakama and go to lt.  just don't take our spot at the sushi bar!
hands down, best sushi in the city.  i think this is both if you are a roll person or if you are a sashimi person - which is not the case everywhere.  some places make awesome rolls, but that seems to be to hide the not-freshness of the fish.  others have great fresh fish, but can't make a roll to save their lives.  this place does it all.  j and i went here on a friday night around 6 and were sat immediately - no wait, but the place was pretty packed.  i started with some hot sake and a green salad.  their ginger dressing is delish!  i was practically licking the bowl.  i considered asking for more lettuce to soak up the rest of the dressing when our shrimp shumai came.  j and i try to get shrimp shumai everywhere we go as a barometer and this was by far the best.  the wrappings were complete and held in all the very fresh shrimp goodness.  then came the sushi.  we ordered the first date roll, the david, the black marlin, the spicy tuna and the spicy scallop.  what can i say, we like sushi.  the black marlin is amazing - mild, fresh, not chewy.  the spicy scallop is not something you see everywhere and definitely a plus here.  however, where they really shine is the spicy tuna.  everyone does a spicy tuna.  at most places, you can barely taste the tuna in the mayo-based spicy sauce that is slathered all around.  here the tuna is front and center with spices mixed into the pureed tuna.  no mayo needed to hold it together and all the better for it.  the david and first date were a bit pricier and also awesome.  one was tempura shrimp with spicy tuna on the outside and the other was more like a rainbow roll.  both excellent.    while i do also love me some katana in dormont, this place has the best sushi in the city and in a charming location in downtown mt lebanon.
always a good sushi spot.  i've had sushi a lot of different places in pittsburgh and RESTAURANT_NAME in mt lebanon always hits the spot.  i'd consider in the top three.  my wife and i had miso soup and the green salad as appetizers.  both good, not great, but good.   then we got the eel sashimi - great. pittsburgh roll - okay. rainbow roll - good, i've had better though, the freshness was just decent. and the salmon sashimi - not bad, but again not great.  the service is good and the place is clean with good decor.    good date place too.
the sushi here was great!   the hibachi not so much - we got the hibachi chicken which came with the fried rice / miso soup and green salad. besides the green salad and the awesome ginger sauce - the chicken was okay and the miso soup .. not so good.  we also got the david roll , eel roll, california roll and the nigiri salmon - they were all really good.  the service was good.  will definitely go back again but only for the sushi and the sashimi
this restaurant gets my vote for best sushi in pittsburgh! the first date roll is our absolute favorite. the owners and staff are so friendly and welcoming. it's always a great experience dining there. they also have the best ginger dressing! it's a great place to go with friends, or on a date. it's intimate and inviting, and never disappoints! definitely one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh!
craving sushi? then this is the place to go. it's well worth the drive to mt. lebanon. i wouldn't be surprised to find out that the fish was flown in multiple times a day.  it's always so fresh. the sushi gets 5 stars.the staff is also incredible. the owner goes out of his way to walk around and check on tables. it is very clear that he wants every guest to have an enjoyable dining experience. however, if you are looking for great hibachi, look elsewhere. i've tried the hibachi chicken, steak and shrimp. i've never been that impressed. it's fairly standard for hibachi. i've definitely had better fried rice and miso soup. the hibachi gets 3 stars. another issue when eating at RESTAURANT_NAME is getting a table. it seems like business is hit or miss.some nights i have tried to get a table for 3 and had to wait 40 minutes. last weekend, we were able to get a table for 6 without waiting. i suggest you call ahead if you have a large party.
meh. the outside and insides are nice and trendy, and the sushi was pretty good, but my nabeyaki udon had a really odd flavor that didn't sit well with me. the place also smelled like fish, and that's never good. i don't know if i'd go back, especially since they're a little pricey. service was ok though.
this is them most consistent sushi we have found anywhere in the burgh. the prices are reasonable and so are the portions. if we want sushi, we go here. get the black marlin sashimi if you go. deluxe sashimi combo is worth the 25 bucks taboot  4 of 5 stars probably second only to umi in pittsburgh for flavor
chopsticks down the best sushi in the burgh.  consistently good.
this is now my favorite sushi restaurant in the pittsburgh area and it is worth the drive to mt lebanon.  the staff were so super friendly at this family run place and provided excellent service. the owners were a nice couple that both stopped by to make sure we were happy, in addition to our very attentive waitress.  my friend and i shared a sushi boat that included maki, sushi and sashimi and all the sushi was very fresh and tasty.  it even included a spider roll as one of the maki, which is unusual when you get a combination where they usually give you smaller/cheaper rolls at most places.  they also had a decent selection of wine and beer which is unusual for a sushi place.  would definitely go back.
live like 15 mins away from lt so i come here all the time with my friends. about a month ago, we all went here for dinner on a wednesday and it was packed! however, the line didn't take long at all and in about 10-15 mins, we were seated! the sushi are always so good and fresh. this is the restaurant where i first tried fried ice cream too! yum!
some of the highest quality sushi you'll find and a great atmosphere for, yes, a hefty price but that's the point of sushi -- a celebratory food you have maybe once or twice a year.
love their sushi here. you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. there is on street parking, and also a parking garage across the street.
i've dined here thrice now, sushi on every visit, so that's the only thing i can review, other than atmosphere and service, and it's all good. the sushi is treated with care and respect, and arrives to you in manageable mouthfuls. fresh, fresh, fresh, and beautifully prepared. the miso soup and salad are also very good. i am greeted each time immediately upon opening the front door with a smile and seated promptly. sometimes the servers get busy, but they watch each other's tables, so you shouldn't go long without some attention here. i think this is the best sushi in the south hills, and i've not had better in pittsburgh, though i've left some places untried yet. delightful.
coming from the west coast, this is probably the worst sushi i have had in a very long time. there are no descriptions for any of the rolls. they do not offer low sodium soy sauce. the wait for 3 rolls and 4 pieces of sashimi took over 25 minutes. now for the food, the scallop roll is mushy  if they were scallops i wouldn't know. actually, everything i ate was mushy. the service was inattentive. i waited 10 minutes for a refill for my iced tea, after the owner and another server looked straight at my empty glass.
if you want fresh sushi/sashimi this is the place to go.. the owners hand select their fish on a regular basis only receiving the best quality throughout the world. this place has an extremely high turn over rate ensuring that the fish you are eating is some of the same quality you would find in most nyc restaurants without the nyc price tag.. fyi- make sure you try the ginger dressing and the spicy tuna, you will be back again and again...thanks for a great experience....and yes they do have low sodium soy sauce.
we have going to frank's for years and have come to the conclusion it is the best in pittsburgh. we love, love, love the shushi there.
i have visited RESTAURANT_NAME three times and each time has been wonderful. the service,  friendly staff, atmosphere, and sushi make it my go-to place for a relaxing evening.  the only suggestion i have is to include explanations of each sushi roll for the customer, to make it less confusing for the customer and easier for the server!
best sushi in town. try the spicy scallop in seaweed.  great service. don't get intimidated by the sushi menu. your server will guide you if you ask.
i come here kind of often. always have good service, the sushi is very good and the pricing is very reasonable considering the quality of sushi. the inside is nice too. the only reason it isn't my number one place for sushi, is because umi in shady side is orgasmic....only reason this place is my number 2. whatever the case, i highly recommend RESTAURANT_NAME for good sushi.
as sushi goes-very good. we had five rolls- spicy tuna, rock and roll, yellow tail, first date, and the dragon roll. they were all delicious. the ambiance was pretty good and the service wasn't too bad-a little slow to start out with. the ginger salad was just odd. my husband and i couldn't quite put our finger on it but it was just odd. the miso soup didn't have any seaweed in it at all. i'm not saying it was understated, i'm saying there was absolutely nothing green in there and it was very salty.   since we went there for sushi and the sushi was great we can't really complain.
ate here last night on a recommendation.  fabulous!!  it was so busy we had to sit at the sushi bar, but they offered their full menu.  we got the maki combo deluxe and the maki combo regular.  we asked the waitress if the deluxe was large enough to split and she didn't think it was.  we two petite women had way too much food and took a full serving home from the two platters.  the miso soup was superior, but lacking seaweed i prefer my own miso soup.  the dressing on the salad was great.  the eel roll was the very best.  actually, i have to say all of it was the best japanese food i have ever had!  i will definitely drive the hour had dr. apt to visit this restaurant again.  it was a bit expensive, but mow i know to split the platter for two petite women.  :
best spicy tuna that i've ever had.......because it's actually spicy and without the spicy american mayo.
second best sushi in pittsburgh after umi. great uni and eel. would recommend the sushi and sashimi over other dishes here.
wonderful sushi and decent pricing. one of my favorite places to go! the ambiance is very nice and the food is absolutely fantastic. i'd love to go again!
if you want good sushi, go to umi located in shadyside, above soba which is another great restaurant.  the sushi here is overpriced and tastes nothing different than what you can get from giant eagle with 3 times the amount for the price also.  the side soup is luke warm, soup should always be hot.  the ramen makes you cough constantly who knows what they put in it.  the chicken sometimes tastes a little plastic-like.  the service is terrible, she gets your food after you finally realize you have to call the server over because she never comes over. . . . then after you have your food, they never fill up your drinks, ask if you need anything else, or ask how the food is which most food there is sub-par or gross.  waited about another 20 minutes after we finished our food to receive our check.    however, they deserve one star because they do have one amazing thing there.  their ginger dressing is unbelievable.  they sell it in tubs too because it is so good only four bucks too, now that is reasonable; their salads only have lettuce, so just get the dressing in the tub alone and make your own salads my suggestion.
best sushi in pittsburgh by far.  i've lived in atlanta and new york city.  hands down. frank lin runs a very appealing business with consistancy.  after 5 years of loyal returning service, i consider him a friend and a smart effective business owner in pittsburgh. great service, great food everytime.
i primarily had sashimi and it was excellent.  the fish was very high quality, fresh, and well-handled.  we ordered a spicy tuna roll toward the end of the meal, and i had to take a star off the whole experience for that roll - it had a pile of the fishiest, cheapest, rankest caviar on top.  i couldn't eat it.  service was lovely and ambiance great.  i'll be back but will be sure to request "no caviar" on anything!!!
my girlfriend and i frequent this place as often as we can. best sushi around by far. lunch prices are awesome but you get their dinner quality of food. favorites are probably black marlin, soft shell crab roll, yellow fun tuna, anything with eel, just about every entree and their ice cream! oh man, i'm getting hungry typing this
came here with my friend for the first time who is a regular. the dining atmosphere was welcoming and clean. service was prompt, greeter and server were very friendly and i was actually in a hurry and it wasn't a problem at all. the quality was great. only wish they had brown rice as an option for sushi. would 100 come back again!! so excited for my next visit : i got the spicy tuna hand roll and seaweed salad. it was amazing. better than sushi too or beni chopsticks.
this is amazing sushi.  i have not tried the hibachi but it is nice that they have it for dining with a mixed sushi/non sushi eating crowd.    the sushi is spectacular and there is high attention to detail.  the miso soup is made completely from scratch, no cans.  the grated radish and other garnishes are made fresh daily.  there is no hint of staleness in anything.  the bartender is also generous in his pours.  we are never in a hurry when we go for sushi so i haven't paid too much attention to the time it takes but they always bring out the next item as we are finishing the previous.  we have frequented here for a little over a year and always leave very pleased.    for the food quality and attention to detail the prices are also extremely reasonable.
we have dined here probably 10 times over the years.  it's always a great experience!  i'm talking consistently good every time.  great sushi choices, excellent hibachi and very friendly staff.
ok, update time.  sushi we split was good.  miso soup had an odd taste this visit. my main course butaniku was unforgettable, a real meh!  not sure what happened this night.    our waitress was mia most of the night.  could not even find her to try to get refills, desert or our check.    must have been an off night for everyone.
always great sushi.  order the same thing everytime, but can't help it- so good!!  sensi yaki, vegetable sushi, salad, hot tea and sometimes yakitori.  best atmosphere with a little frank sinatra & frank lin's presence.  great time- great date spot!
some of the best sushi in pittsburgh. everything was really fresh and light which sushi should be, but this just seemed better. hard to find a soft shell crab roll that the tempura is done well. this place does.
best sushi ever, can't wait to try it once again. deserves every penny, in the end you get what you pay for. if you're sushi fan, then you must try this place. by far the best ever sushi in pittsburgh . the waitresses are so friendly . the environment so elegant, lavish, and classy . i highly recommend this restaurant .
very nice sushi in mt. lebanon.  service was prompt and friendly.  we enjoyed three not too expensive rolls--they have some great specialty rolls that are spendy but worth the price!--and had a great marinated beef and veggies dish.  the portions were satisfying and the bill was modest.  one of my favorite sushi places around.
i did not have a good experience here tonight. we did not make reservations and got seated within 10 minutes! we were happy about that but.. waiting for our food took so long! we were ready to walk out and just cancel the order because of the wait.. but ended up waiting it out.  the food turned out okay.   miso soup- needed scallions and seaweed salad- the dressing wasn't gingerly enough and tasted like italian dressing.  - the agedashi tofu was not agedashi tofu.. it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli. ugh.. so disappointed.  - sushi was okay. it was just average for me.    they were definitely quick with the check and cleaning at the end!  overall, didn't have a good experience and food was salty for my taste. :/
filet mignon not as advertised  we ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi.  the flavor was ok, we asked for the filet to be medium and it arrived well done, was very chewy and we suspect a chuck roast or some other inferior cut of beef was substituted for the filet.  false advertising at its best--shouldn't that be illegal?  the fried rice that came with it was ok but we were not offered a choice of steamed rice or noodles.  other hibachi places we have been to plate noodles and steamed or fried rice together.  the miso soup was very salty and murky and not very flavorful.  the salad had a lot of water at the bottom of the bowl and was made up of head lettuce only anyone ever heard of a salad spinner--not very appetizing.  we also ordered sushi all cooked ingredients it was just ok and not the best i have experienced.  the waitress was slow and had to be asked for refills on our hot tea.  the whole meal took almost an hour and a half and cost $75.00 tip included.  not worth the price, time, gas and wear and tear on the car to get there.
service can boost a mediocre meal into the the arena of excellence.   when the food is consistently above average and the service, friendly and highly personable, and the prices reasonable, then...the meal is sublime. i gauge a good meal by my level of desire to return.  i will visit RESTAURANT_NAME for the level 4 food...and level 5 smile they paint on my face!
definitely a great sushi stop in mt. lebanon. why the 3 stars? service. the restaurant was empty. we made it clear that we needed to be quick, but that didn't change anything for the service. it was still slow with everything from the drinks to the food to the bill. we ended up being late to our event, but at least we had full tummies. the sushi is great, really. it would just be better if it came in a decent time.
we had a reservation for the evening. a group was sat without the reservation ahead of us. we were 10 minutes early....and were unfortunately ignored at the door from the time we walked in. no buzzer for you. afrer 15 minutes we asked how much longer and were told two minutes. another 15 minutes went bye and we were still standing without a buzzer while others were sat. no apologies or consideration was given. we have given them years of business and was always underwhelmed with the service. the sushi is mediocre but had previously been the only sushi bar in the south hills. this is no loner the case. i would implore you to try elae where. jade grill a block away, completely new, and goes out of their way for you. next time try some where else. 0 out of 5 if i could
some of the freshest sushi in pittsburgh. lots of creative combinations, and everything looks as good as it tastes.   sometimes the hibachi can leave a little to be desired, but every other item on the menu is fantastic. you won't get tuna tartar or gyoza like this anywhere else in pittsburgh.   the servers are very friendly and attentive. the owner is always there, which is a sure- fire sign of a good restaurant. he is very loyal to customers to boot.
this is the best sushi i've had in pittsburgh. i love the tuna tar tar, dragon roll & spicy scallop hand roll. the service is amazing,  the staff are very attentive.
came here on a saturday with reservations.  the place was really crowded, but they had our table ready immediately. wine list was good. we tried a bunch of different sushi, all of which was very enjoyable. soups and seaweed salad was good. and they even made a special chicken and rice meal for my daughter. pretty good, but slightly pricey. not the best sushi in pittsburgh, but still very good.
it's so good here. however, as i have a seafood allergy that are not prepared for this. we had to argue for them to cook the food separately. and they did not want to do it. the food is always good, but it's not for someone with an allergy to go to!
we have been ordering food from RESTAURANT_NAME for almost 5 years now. up until the last year or so i would have have rated them a 4 out of 5 on the yelp scale.  over the last 6 months i have to report they have lost their edge. their maki rolls have consistently been "sloppy" and recently we had bones left in our eel roll. they have also removed the combo deluxe that we always enjoyed.  we order here at least twice a month and i am sorry to write that we may be looking for a new sushi place.
hailing from seattle and being used to good sushi it makes it very difficult  for me to rate this place. should i rate this with the same expectations or on a pittsburgh seafood bell curve? so, off the boat freshness aside RESTAURANT_NAME does a good job of creating the sushi experience as any place in seattle. the staff is friendly and some waitresses barely understand english.... "side of steamed rice, not salad please." ok nevermind bring me what you think i need. this may sound mean, but i do not want white people or mexicans serving up my sushi!  so anyways, been here about four times and have always been sufficiently satisfied. they have a decent selection of nigiri sushi and my wife loves the rolls. i am not a roll person, but i did like the "first date" roll. they also have a good selection of wines to coose from ... not just both types.... red or white. the price is decent for sushi 50-60 for two so if that is too much i would suggest giant eagle marketplace for budget sushi .... just remember that with budget sushi comes budget digestion.
i personally love RESTAURANT_NAME. sushi is always fresh and delicious. hibachi fantastic. this where we we went after new home closing. and we often take out of town gusts. frank and his staff are very friendly and accommodating.
first date roll with soy paper is a must  also gotta try the black marlin it melts in your mouth
the first date roll is a must for me every visit. good sushi and usually good service.
after graduating from college in cleveland, one of the restaurants i was most excited to head to again was RESTAURANT_NAME. this is my go-to sushi stop in mt. lebanon.  the sushi and rolls are amazing, from the shrimp tempura roll a personal favorite to the first date roll. if one is not in the mood for sushi, the hibachi options are great too. the shrimp sauce on top of the white rice and hibachi chicken is a huge reason why i choose RESTAURANT_NAME as a lunch or dinner destination.   the atmosphere is cool, the service is always great and attentive and the prices are fair for the food and service. this is a great place to head out for a girls night, date night or family night. pretty much any kind of night will be a success at RESTAURANT_NAME.
i haven't always been thrilled by this place, but our last meal was fantastic. the quality and freshness of the tuna and yellow tail that we had from the sushi bar was as good as i've had anywhere. the service was also engaging and timely. well done RESTAURANT_NAME!!
this was not our first time trying this restaurant but we like it so we keep coming back. we came here on friday night during dinner. the restaurant itself is decorated nicely. what i like about it is that it's not too dark like the other restaurants, it also looks family owned. when you first sit, they give you hot steamed towels to clean your hands which i thought was pretty neat!  we ordered a maki roll of shrimp tempura, regular platter of sashimi and a bowl of chicken udon. the food came within a reasonable amount of time and the sushi came with a salad. the platter also came with soup and salad. the soups and salads came out first and were delicious!  the reason why i'm giving it a 4 star instead of 5 is because i was disappointed in the shrimp tempura roll. it was the smallest shrimp tempura roll that i've ever seen! it only had the shrimp. for the numerous times that i had this at other locations, there was always something with it such as cucumber/ lettuce/crab. this was just rice, seaweed and shrimp. it was not worth it for me since i've had pretty good shrimp tempura rolls. the sashimi was good. it came in a plate with 15 pieces of fish and a small bowl of rice. i also enjoyed the chicken udon. another small downside is that they do not accept discover.  overall,  it was a good experience.
love this place. best sushi i've had in pittsburgh so far, and the service is usually very fast. the first date roll with miso soup is the best! they also have a delicious plum wine that goes well with the sushi.  update: if you're a low-carb dieter there is a sushi roll made without any rice! i believe it is called the dean roll & has a lot of avocado. this is still my favorite sushi place in pittsburgh after living here two years. i've never had a bad meal here and the wait staff is great.
everything was so delicious ! and perfect portions . left very satisfied ! left a good tip for sure !
i've live in pgh for two years now and this place has the freshest sushi around! try the black marlin when you go there, it is a buttery white fish. delicious!! the staff is always attentive and friendly.
this is not japanese food, period. run by by chinese folks serving glorified chinese food.
i went on a saturday night when the restaurant was completely full with a wait list. we only had to wait about 20 minutes and they were true to their wait prediction. everything was delicious and came out in a timely manner. we started off with the spicy tuna roll for an appetizer and i got the chicken hibachi for dinner. this place never disappoints. if you like sushi you'll love RESTAURANT_NAME.
i'm somewhat of a sushi snob.  i'll admit it. but i have lived in tokyo and only want good sushi. and as far as sushi in the burgh goes, RESTAURANT_NAME on washington road has the best!   i've never had bad sushi there. i always love yellow tail and tuna and will choose a few types of rolls as well. i'm a fan of spicy tuna and anything that has tempura mixed in it. i do enjoy the texture of the tempura in a roll.. last night was no exception. i believe we had the anniversary roll which was a tempura roll with tuna in top! a winning choice.   i will say the yasai tempura is just ok but not a ton of flavor. but miso is a good way to start out the meal.   another thing that i do enjoy is how they give you hot towels beforehand. i wish every restaurant did that!   overall, you can't go wrong with this place!
i have to admit, i'm here between 1-4 times a week. i've never had the freshness and exquisite style of the fish here anywhere else. i prefer to eat sashimi over rolls so that being said the freshness, temperature and options of the fish are extremely vital in finding a place that serves it. i won't eat sashimi anywhere else. i've been coming here for almost 15 years now. the staff is like family now.
RESTAURANT_NAME is a gem in mount lebanon!!  we just moved back to pittsburgh area after living in california for 4 years and this place is our sushi fix. the staff here are so friendly and welcoming. the restaurant is clean and well situated.   most importantly the quality of the ingredients are top notch.  the yellow tail, tuna and salmon are delicious. the portions are perfect. the fish is nicely sliced and rice is sticky enough to hold its shape when picked up with the chopsticks. i like this attention to detail. the fish is fantastic the rice is a good consistency because you need both pieces of the puzzle in order to get the perfect fit of fish to rice, and from plate to mouth without anything coming apart.  wonderful.
best sushi i have had in ages! beats nakama and saga! also the sansai udon bowl was amazing! the noodle texture was dead on! everyone at the table was trying them!
RESTAURANT_NAME in the southside is my absolute favorite restaurant in pittsburgh. always consistently delicious and the service is fantastic. it is set up so the sushi chefs greet you on the way in. the manager/hostess? always is very welcoming and friendly. i haven't gotten anything besides sushi, so i can't speak for other menu items, but the sushi is great. the freshest and tastiest i have ever had. go. go now.
lunch here today was excellent. my friends and i tried 5 different sushi rolls, and they were all tasty and extremely flavorful. although i didn't particularly care for the texture of the eel roll probably because i'm not a big fan of eel.., it was my friend's favorite. we also had a perfectly cooked shrimp tempura roll, and a deliciously prepared dragon roll with avocado on top. paired with a glass of pinot grigio, lunch was overall fantastic. just be aware of their hours, as they close at 2:30 to prepare for their dinner service.
my definite favorite place in pittsburgh for sushi. it's the freshest you will find. they sell live scallops which is a true treat. they open them up right out of the shell and they are so sweet, just squeeze lemon on them. don't ruin them by dipping it in soy. frank is very hands on. he's always there and talks to his patrons as he walks around. you won't be disappointed. take it from me. i've been going there for about 15 years now. i went before he even had a liquor license.
finding great sushi in pittsburgh is like trying to hunt moose in schenley park.  but, RESTAURANT_NAME is the place to go if you want quality sushi in pittsburgh.  do yourself a favor and order the discovery roll.  jalapeno on the top makes it a staple for me there.  the warm towel is a nice touch and i really appreciate it!
great little sushi spot in mt. lebanon. the nigiri, sashimi, and maki are all excellent.  the freshness and options of the fish are hard to beat else where. the staff are friendly and attentive, i get the vibe this is family owned and operated. the decor and atmosphere are nice, clean and inviting. as i said before, this place is hard to beat. try the first date roll even if you're by yourself.
service was mediocre at best. i was a one person party, so i sat at the sushi bar which was actually very interesting - watching the sushi makers prepare all the different sushi orders.  i ordered the first date roll. overall, a good mix of spicy and not. the ingredients tasted fresh.  i might go back if i'm in the area, but nothing to go out of my way for.
hands down favorite sushi spot in pittsburgh and its right down the street from me. i've searched and tried other sushi restaurants around the area to see if there was anything better but nowhere else in my book compares. i won't go anywhere else now haha.
best sushi i have had in pittsburgh. not fancy or anything but their sushi is fresh and tastes good. that's all that really matters to me when it comes to sushi. service is ok and it can take some time to get your food.
since moving to mt. lebanon, this is by far my favorite of the resturants on washington rd. the sushi is great.  the entrees are great. the staff is very nice and attentive. can't say enough good things about this resturant.
this is my best friends favorite place, so i decided to finally try.  it was ok.  just ok.  i just moved from asia pacific and admit i was spoiled when it comes to sushi and asian food, however, was excited to see what looked at first glance to be authentic japanese food.  it was ok.  i will say it is the best i've found here so far at least.  i probably won't return, but i think i wood be a good  neighborhood dining options for others. and, it is, what i thought was pricey for pittsburgh. my guess is their average check is around $65/person with a glass of wine or sake.
this place is a favorite of my husband and his family. you can't go wrong with the sushi or hibachi. the sushi boat is spectacular. i just wish they'd bring back the maki regular special on the menu. after visiting a few times, the owner frank and the servers chi, danyu, etc. treat you like family. i'm amazed they remember our names, ask about our family members by name, and follow-up on matters previously discussed.
RESTAURANT_NAME is top of the line by pittsburgh sushi standards. the fish is very fresh and the specialty rolls are created with skill and precision. nothing is drowning in disgusting mayo or cream cheese, the defining characteristic of most of the mediocre sushi of western pennsylvania. the staff is friendly, service is great, and the warm towels are a very nice touch. i'm really not a fan of the brown-colored miso soup but overall, RESTAURANT_NAME stands out for quality. the "dean roll" in particular is fantastic.
i've been coming here since i started high school in mt. lebanon and have never had a bad experience. i trust this place wholeheartedly when it comes to the quality. all of the fish is fresh, the ginger dressing on their salad is wonderful, and i'm always looking forward to my next visit. the staff are always friendly, and the owner often greets us at the door. the discovery roll and first date roll are my all time favorites. didn't care for the sea urchin, but i trust this place enough that it's done right. do yourself a favor and drop in.
RESTAURANT_NAME is big burrito's take on asian fusion.  as with everything concerning big burrito, RESTAURANT_NAME is excellent in all departments.  it is next door to umi big burrito's sushi place in a trendier area of shadyside.  the space is elegant--a waterfall adorns the interior.  lighting is dark as is the decor--as with most big burrito establishments.  there is plenty of space between tables and such--you can take a date here and you should.  the food is excellent.  dishes are inventive not your normal asian fusion dishes here and well presented.  the quality of the ingredients is top-notch my tuna tar tare tasted very fresh.  as a note, tasting menus are not available--two specials seemed to offered every night.  the menu seems to change by season as well.  RESTAURANT_NAME's wine and whiskey selection is extensive--10 pages for wine, 4 for whiskey.  the service is excellent, as is to be expected.  really, everything here is great.  you should go at least once, RESTAURANT_NAME is a gem in the rough of the pittsburgh dining scene.
been coming to this restaurant for years, before the fire that caused the entire renovation of the place you now go to.   obviously, i like the food, good quality, a perfect serving size, and the amuse bouche is a nice touch!  the wine selection by the glass is pretty decent.  service is always great.  the bar area is fun and definitely a place for young professionals out for a drink, to hang, and to meet others.  at night, for the late-night menu, you can even get a few selections made from their neighbors, umi!
RESTAURANT_NAME lounge appears to be the only sign of life in shadyside.  moderately trendy 20-40 something year old crowd makes the scene, and seem only too happy to make room for you.  popped in here only for a nightcap after our lousy taco bellesque dinner at the shady grove and it was the highlight of the evening.  i've been coming here off and on for years, and the espresso martini is my favorite choice, at only $8 per glass!  comprehensive beverage menu featuring some excellent wines as well as the darling cans of sofia champagne.  as a matter of fact, this is the only bar that i have seen offer these besides coppola's restaurant in north beach.  if you don't know what they are, it's the grown up girl's take on those minute maid drink boxes that your mama packed in your lunch, and definitely a girly drink, but a bit pricy at $11 per can.  next time i return, i plan to dine here and i can see RESTAURANT_NAME lounge being my "bar away from sf bars."
this was one of my favorite restaurants while working in pittsburgh.  the decor is incredibly sexy and the food is delicious.  i don't think we ordered one bad thing.
the place that i went for a nice conversation + cocktail combo in the 'burgh. great atmosphere, great drinks, great food. ahh, RESTAURANT_NAME. if only all pittsburgh restaurants could be like you, the world would be a better place.
only went here for drinks, but very impressed.  sidecar was very strong, but not too strong that it wasn't drinkable.  the waiter had a ton of knowledge about different drinks they could serve.    overall great atmosphere - young, talkative, fun crowd.  i would definitely like to go back again and try the food.
a bit on the pricey side, but wow is this place great!  went here with my wife for our anniversary and it quickly has become my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh.  i would go here every week if i could afford it.  my favorite of all the big burrito places...
good beer specials when i've had their beer specials for the night.  appetizers & entrees are usually perfectly sized, if not a little large.  the one exception is the fried calamari - the plate was probably about twice the size it needed to be!  the complementary small-portioned appetizer i know there's a name for that, but can't think of it off the top of my head is always been delicious.  the seafood is extremely fresh, and all of the flavors are very good.  attentive but not at all annoying service with friendly waitstaff, nice decor, and a great atmosphere for parties sized from 2 to 20.
RESTAURANT_NAME is not only a great lounge but also a great restaurant.  part of the big burrito group, RESTAURANT_NAME has a pan-asian cuisine.  the lounge area is somewhat small, but even when the bar is crowded it doesn't take too long to get a drink.  the food is fabulous and the atmosphere in the dining area is anything but crowded.  multiple floors and an outside deck gives you a number of choices on where to eat.
a great way to spend the night.  loved the seafood salad with RESTAURANT_NAME noodles.   asian cloppino and the filet have never disappointed.  would love to try everything on the menu.
only went there once -- it's nice, but not so rave-worthy as other reviews might imply except in comparison to the other offerings in pittsburgh. food was good but iirc, the portions are small -- you end up spending a lot of money in order to feel moderately full. drinks are good.
i had read about RESTAURANT_NAME in pittsburgh magazine. i was intrigued when i saw that RESTAURANT_NAME was numbero uno according to a recent reader's poll. and doubly impressed that it was listed as one of the magazine's top 25 restaurants in the city. with a build up like that, i was very excited to dine here.   we had an early evening reservation. the exterior is described as 3 story victorian. looked like a homely dump to me. inside was a very different story. sleek and modern, with a zen like garden feel, we were excited as little kids to be lead to table on the 3rd floor near the bar area. i thought the atmosphere was tranquil and very romantic. i started with the thai corn chowder with crab meat. i was taken aback by the color, a sort of dreary gary/mustard. but it was very delicious, very spicy. my bbf had a salad that was very flavorful with chicken and fresh spring greens. we were also served an appetizer with cucumber and pita chips.   for dinner, we had the filet mignon and the seafood hot pot. the filet was extremely thick and served with a nice vegetable mixture and potatoes.  the flavor was amazing.  the seafood looked delicious, i sampled the shrimp and they were very well seasoned.   dessert was also just as amazing. we shared the vanilla-roasted asian pear served with a gingerbread biscuit, asian pear sorbet and sabayon. we also shared a chai spiced creme caramel flan. it was so yummy with pumpkin seed brittle and vanilla chantilly.   all in all a very special evening. everything was wonderfully presented and service was very good.  i have to agree with the readers of pittsburgh mag.
this is one of the best restaurants in pittsburgh!  the corn chowder and filet are winners! the service is always top notch and the bar scene is great!
this is an outstanding restaurant that we would frequent more often if doing so did not require payment of a $50 surcharge for babysitting.  i particularly enjoy things such as the tuna tartare, and the wonderful fusion dishes that they have created.  this is not a "stick to your ribs type of place."  the quantities are generally not enormous, but then most of us can afford weight and calorie wise to sacrifice quantity for quality.  this is not a hostile place for kids, but... unless your kids are pretty adventurous there are limited selections on what is available to eat, i.e., no chicken nuggets or mac and cheese.
atmosphere is very nice - quiet without feeling like a library, nice lighting, decent and eclectic music mix.  service was excellent.  the clientele was mixed on friday night - a couple with a child, two couples double-dating, people just getting drinks, etc.  onto the food.  the pacific rim drink was fruity and not too strong, and also reasonably priced.  the crispy tofu appetizer is awesome.  if i lived closer, i would want it all the time.  the high crispiness level means it was probably deep fried, but it's so yummy i didn't even care. spicy cucumber raita amuse bouche with flatbread was also delicious.  i kind of want a jar of it at home to put on sandwiches or something. as far as entrees, boyfriend had the beef brisket which he said was excellent and very tender.  i had the citrus tofu curry, which was just ok.  if i were a chef, i would have balanced out the very sweet citrus sauce with a little soy sauce or something savory.  the portions were more than big enough. and for dessert, we had the vietnamese coffee creme brle, which was beyond delicious.  i generally enjoyed the meal, but would appreciate maybe one more vegetarian entree to give diners a choice.  also, a head's up: the adjoining parking lot is small, so if you have a reservation or are meeting people, make sure you allow time to find alternative parking if the lot is full.
overrated.  completely overrated.  after reading all the rave reviews and hearing about how amazing RESTAURANT_NAME was, i went there last night with two companions.  we started off with an order of calamari and tuna tartar.  what came out even before our appetizers was a complementary cucumber salad it appeared that every table got it.  i found the flavor of the cucumber salad the best part of dinner.  the cool cucumbers were complemented with a slightly spicy sauce, which were served with slices of pita bread.  even though our waiter went on about how the calamari was different than other restaurants, it was strikingly similar to the overly breaded calamari at the cheesecake factory.  it wasn't heavily seasoned, and most of the flavor came from the garlic sauce and freshly squeezed lime juice.  i preferred the tuna tartar over the calamari, as the the flavors melded well together with just the right amount of bite from citrus notes.  these were served with house made potato chips, which were sliced thin and fried golden with just the right amount of crunch.  for entrees, my companions ordered our server's #1 and #2 recommendations of seared rare tuna and boneless pork chop, and i ordered the wok seared sea scallops, since i've been having a craving for large plump sea scallops for some time.  one companion asked a rhetorical question of why everything that is labeled as "asian fusion" or "exotic" has to be spicy, which we could not answer.  his seared rare tuna was a tuna steak cooked rare topped with the korean "gochujang" mellowed out with some soy and probably sugar that's where the fusion plays in, instead of kiwi or pear juice.  he mentioned that he liked the ginger fried rice, even though the rice was probably one day old fried rice is traditionally made with leftover rice.  my other companion received a 10 oz. thick cut pork chop.  being so thick and also pork, the meat was flavorless and dry.  i sampled a piece from the outside edge and one cut from the center; the first piece had the flavor form the char, but the center cut one was so bland i could not finish it.  the defining part of the dish was it's spicy chili honey sauce, as it made the pork edible.  the grits were ok, not amazing, but not bad.  two five oz. pork chops would've probably done the dish more justice than that 10 oz monstrosity.  meats that need to be cooked through should not be thick cut unless it's well marbled, and we all know how hard it is to find marbled pork nowadays.  last, my dish consisted of around 4 oz. of rice cakes cooked in an overly salty "sauce" with pork and bok choy topped with four seared sea scallops.  for some reason, i was expecting my sea scallops to be around 30 larger in diameter, but realistically being in pittsburgh the only scallops that are available are ones that are shipped from the coast.  the scallops were seared perfectly but honestly now, searing sea scallops is not difficult.  the rice cakes were cooked properly, but they were miniscule in size and thickness, and overly salty from the "spicy" sauce, which had maybe quarter of a clove of minced garlic, and half a seeded chili pepper.  the bok choy was cooked beyond recognition, and basically became a sponge for the soy sauce.  the few strips of julienned pork was probably 2 oz. meat, and did not fit well with the dish as it got lost in the sauce.  dishes that are soupy in nature should have larger pieces of meat; only dishes that have more solid food than liquid should be allows to use small pieces of meat.  i was not impressed at all.  yes, i keep switching between soup and sauce; it's labeled as a sauce in the menu, and it was definitely too salty to be a soup, but it's consistency was that of soup, and it was served with one of those soup spoons you get with egg drop soup in asian restaurants.  for it's price, RESTAURANT_NAME should've been much better.  i would've given RESTAURANT_NAME two stars, but our waiter was attentive and the ambiance was nice.
how have i not reviewed RESTAURANT_NAME yet?  well, let me remedy this oversight directly.  with this review i have now completed a clean sweep of all big burrito restaurants and i believe have not give one less than four stars.  this is a testament to this talented restaurant group which recently gained national attention by being named a semi-finalist by james beard foundation for restaurater of the year.  that's it pittsburgh we are getting more and more attention with the national food scene.  so, i've been here a million times well, not literally and was here last on wednesday for business prior to the pitt game with mike and g. w. not our former president...he hates asian fusion.  the space is beautiful and i spend most of time at the bar where they serve the full menu.  howeve, a couple tidbits on the dining room.  it's three levels with a bar on the first and third level i believe an also a deck for al fresca' dining.  the first level is beautiful earthy tones, white linens and really comfortable chairs with some bench seating on the sides and four tops scattered about.  the ceilings are very high and there is a staircase in the middle of the room.  the top floor has very nice wood floors and a small wood bar.  the lighting is intimate and flattering.  the bar itself is pretty large with bench seating on the sides and nice comfy leather chairs for lounging.  i believe the doors open up to the sidewalk in the summer.  the service is always adequate, but not necessarily friendly i'd say. i usually get this bald fellow who is nice enough, but probably wouldn't engage in conversation if i was by myself.  one small complaint is that they tend to keep the bar really dark, which i like if i'm trying to hide in the corners while i drink away my concerns, but if i'm on a date i'd prefer a little more light.  the menu seems to me to not change that frequently and i rarely hear them offer features not already on the menu.  i guess it's because i've been here so often, but i wish they had more options.  we started wednesday with korean barbecue ribs, chicken spring rolls and calamari.  the barbecue ribs were probably the best thing i had there all night.  they were well seasoned, fall off the bone and a healthy portion for only $9.  the chicken spring rolls were forgettable and the calamari was just "ok".  it was served lightly breaded, but lacked any real flavor.  we all drank relatively reasonably priced wine for under $10 a glass.  g. w. and i ordered the seared rare tuna, which is a very healthy portion of fresh quick seared good quality tuna with a sesame seed coating.  it's served with house made kim chi really spicy and ginger fried rice.  it's a safe choice and probably the most popular entree on the menu.  mike had the seafood hot pot, and i think he was the winner with best entree' choice.  it was a delicious curry broth served with rice on the side overflowing with mussels fresh, scallops cooked perfectly shrimp and i thinki may have even have tasted sausage.  we skipped dessert.  this is a good place for some drinks and even a nice meal, especially if you don't come here often.  congrat's again big burrito group for the james beard nom.
this place is to die for! looooved the food and overall atmosphere. very kind weight staff.
i don't see the big deal about RESTAURANT_NAME lounge. i thought the food was only okay, and i didn't like all of the flavors overpowering each other. the ambience is really nice, and the servers are friendly, but the food was just alright for me.
this place is extremely overrated. first off, it is way overpriced -- i should not have to pay $25 for a subpar dish of chewy pork with an "asian" sauce that was basically a ton of sugar and not much else. the salmon was ok but not worth the $25 either.  the only reason it gets 2 stars instead of 1 is that the waitstaff were very friendly and the appetizer was original and tasty carrot/ginger soup. in fact, if i ever went back which i won't i would probably just order a few appetizers and go home happy and not broke.  i know good thai food, and good asian fusion food, and this place is just not it.
first a warning, the parking lot will most likely be full, because it's not just for RESTAURANT_NAME. see a parking space on the street? take it.  RESTAURANT_NAME is a beautiful restaurant and lives up to the big restaurant group expectations of unique flavors. the sushi is great, but if it was anything less than great i'd be worried about RESTAURANT_NAME. the grilled salmon was cooked perfectly with a wonderful coconut thai sauce. the staff is very courteous, but i had a creeping feeling they were all "egh a bunch of 22 year olds just walked in and they don't belong here."  we'll have to come back for drinks and dessert one day.
so far, this is the closest that i have been able to come to a meal in pittsburgh that even resembles a meal in san francisco.    open table for my reservation....check. found plenty of free street parking on a sunday eve....check. plenty of seating available for a 6pm reservation....check.  didn't know they had a patio!  beautiful upstairs setting for a warm summer evening.  it appears they also have a gas heater on the patio for chilling nights of dining as well.    i started with a chopped salad.....very san francisco....mango, cucumber, papaya, mint, avocado, cashews and a miso dressing.    the waitress brought over, "complements of the kitchen", a yellow/orange saucy cucumber sampling with pita squares.  not bad for just a taste.    i ordered the alaskan halibut which was amazing.  not the absolute best i've ever had, but it was pretty high up there on the list....especially in a city where fried foods are the norm.  and there was plenty on my plate to fill me up...no room for dessert.  i would definitely return, especially if entertaining out-of-towners.
i have only eaten a full meal in the dining room once; but i have ordered appetizers and drinks in the comfortable bar area more than a handful of times. on the occasion of the dinner, a dining companion's seared rare tuna was really excellent; i'd recommend ordering that. as for appetizers, i like the lobster maki and the crispy tofu. they also have a great wine list and some good cocktails i enjoy the plum sangria.   in all, first class food, drinks, service and decor. now if they could just do something about all the pretentious people who flood the place...
i need to return to RESTAURANT_NAME for entrees; this review is for pretty much everything else on the menu--small plates, drinks, and dessert. three of us went through four small plates slowly, and with the apt guidance of our patient and chipper waiter. it was nice not to be rushed, even though we intended to graze through the meal. the tuna tartare was conventional, but tasty, and the lobster maki's lobster was hard to taste or even find. however, the short rib buns--wow. short ribs are everywhere lately--thanks, top chef--but i'd eat these every day, as their richness and warmth was balanced brightly by pickled cucumber and cilantro. we washed these plates down with cocktails: i'd highly recommend mine, which had amaretto, sake, and coconut milk and tasted like a cool, smooth cookie. we then split two desserts with dessert wine and sherry to match. the chocolate maki had us licking our fingers.  i'm not totally sold on the originality of the menu, but it sure tasted good. next up: casbah!
finally went to this restaurant, now i understand the hype!  i loved what i had ordered.  the thai corn chowder is awesome -so flavorful.  the flat bread with hummus - delicious the hummus had a citrus taste to it.  the avocado maki roll was also great.  service was excellent.  we sat outside on the balcony - beautiful and comfortable.
i love RESTAURANT_NAME. i started off with their signature dirty martini.  they make it with this fancy pickle juice and hendricks gin.  lucky for RESTAURANT_NAME i moved to solid foods after two of those on an empty stomach.    i slurred my dinner order of the pork belly, crispy tofu, lobster maki rolls, and thai corn chowder-all fantastic. the pork belly was topped with brown sugar crumble and cooked with honey. it was amazing.  for dessert i had the pumpkin ice cream sandwiches.  i washed all of that down with two ketel one and sodas and stumbled out of the restaurant fat and happy.    sadly, our car was broken into in the parking lot and my friend's laptop was stolen and his window broken.  i told the bartender just in case the employees park there as well.  he was genuinely sympathetic but not entirely surprised.  based on what the police officer said, it was the second one tonight.  she also said there is at least one of these a day in that lot or around the restaurant on the street. i think RESTAURANT_NAME may need to invest in a part time parking lot attendant to protect their customers.
i was recommended this restaurant by a friend a year ago and i loved it when i first went. it is dimly lit and has a very romantic ambiance. the seared tuna, made medium-rare, was warm and crunchy on the outside due to the sesame encrusted skin but still retained a nice, raw non-fishy tuna taste on the inside. the drinks are also fairly priced. especially a year ago, if i remember correctly, it was around ~$65 for moet champagne which was very cheap so we ended up getting two which i guess helped the night go by easier. the lounge got busier and more vibrant as our friday night went on at RESTAURANT_NAME lounge. if i reviewed it last year, i would've given this restaurant five stars.  impressed with my experience the first time, i went back again last wednesday night. i still made a reservation on opentable but it was completely unnecessary since the restaurant was pretty empty. if that's the case i recommend you asking to be seated by the waterfall on the first floor. a bottle of moet went up to $87 so i decided not to get it this time and moved straight to the food.  i began the meal this time with calamari, followed by the tuna again with the bronzini sea bass for myself and ended the meal with a light honeycrisp apple pudding cake dessert. i'm not quite sure what the sauce was for the calamari but it didn't go quite well with the oversized fried squid. they were not bite-sized and i've never had to cut calamari before. even though the restaurant wasn't very busy, i was surprised the chef was still able to undercook the ginger rice accommodating the tuna dish to an inedible level. the waiter apologized and don't get me wrong, there was great service, but i still ended up paying full fare for half a meal. for that i had to drop the restaurant down one star.  there's a parking lot available right next to the restaurant but spaces are limited. street parking around the neighborhood shouldn't be too hard to find too.
this was one of the best dinners i've ever had. a total surprise as frankly, i didn't think of pittsburgh as a culinary mecca. but two for two. RESTAURANT_NAME's ambiance is ecclectic and asian avant-guard.   nestled in a newly gentrified part of pittsburgh and close to everything.  entering the restaurant, we were ushered promptly through the modern multi-storied restaurant to a quiet part of the restaurant, where our very service-oriented wait staff was eager to make our night a memorable one.  we started with the spicy tuna maki which was a tasty melange of tuna, corn nuts, avocado and peppers.   my bf had a thai corn chowder soup which was more like a succulent potage.  we then shared the chopped salad, an iceberg-based salad with coconut tempura crisps, cashews, mango, cucumber, daikon, papaya, avocado, and all drizzled with a spicy miso dressing.   this last concoction was heavenly.  for a pice de rsistance, my bf ordered the alaskan halibut, delicately cooked in a pomegranate-based sweet and sour sauce, and accompanied by the brussel sprouts and turnips with a butternut squash puree.  i had the bronzini on lemon-grass broth, which the chef, upon request, fileted and removed bones and head, since it is  normally served whole.  this last concoction was absolutely amazing, with chopped buttercup squash, a slaw of apple and cashews, and drizzled with a lemongrass coconut sauce.  the dessert was their sorbet trio with the mango being the winner.    the entire evening was a wonderful concoction of flavors and asian infusion.  a wonderful argentine wine complimented the selections. sorbet trio
another good eatery from the big burrito group.  we went to celebrate my bros girlfriends b-day. because if you sign up for the big burrito birthday club you get a yearly $30 birthday voucher for most of the big burrito restaurants!!!  any who...this place has a high end warm feeling. menu had alot to choose from in the way of asian fusion. we tried the calamari which was good. chopped salad was refreshing but not everyone at the table liked it. i had scallops - large and well cooked. dessert was show only. the cashew terrine was so so. i would love to try more of the small plates. i felt the entire place was good enough to visit again.
food: 5 stars. service: 3 stars.  like others have said, RESTAURANT_NAME is by far my favorite of the big burrito group.  the space is very unique with a dark ambiance of stone, wood and water.  the best part of our experience was the food.  we started off with the crispy tofu small plate.  this was far from small and was a lovely pile of fried tofu in a pad thai-like sauce which featured some good green onion and black pepper.  we then moved on to our entrees.  i had a very generous portion of short rib.  it was a very slow cooked, tender but not too fatty short rib atop a bed of roasted fingerling potatoes, sweet potatoes and carrots all topped by a lovely korean-like barbecue sauce and peanuts.  wow!  my partner had a very tasty hedgehog mushroom, rice cake noodle, basil, apple combination.  she is vegetarian and noted that RESTAURANT_NAME had some of the best and most original vegetarian options she has seen in pittsburgh.  lastly, the lower points of the meal.  the wine list, while somewhat extensive, was rather ho-hum and a bit overpriced on the low end more moderate on the high-end.  wines by the glass were a mediocre pour.  the service also left some to be desired.  when it became somewhat obvious we weren't going to throw down more than $100, our server became elusive and rather short with us when he did show his face.  in addition to his lukewarm, standoffish nature he did not offer any recommendations and his familiarity with the wine list seemed to be marginal at best.    anyhow, he didn't ruin the meal and i can't wait to go back and have good service so i can rate this place the 5 stars it deserves!
there have only been two superb fusion restaurants that i have been to in the world. there have been quite a few that were average and some that down right stunk. the problem with most fusion places that they rely on the principal that the sum will equal more than the parts and therefore, the parts do not have to be that good to begin with. unfortunately RESTAURANT_NAME falls in that category.  for example the corn fritters we had, if you tried the fritters on their own they were barely passable, greasy, falling apart and not much flavor - a virtual fritter failure, however you wrap that mess in the bibb lettuce, put on a basil leaf and dip it in the sauce chili-soy sauce and all of a sudden it becomes a tasty little snack. but i still have to ask would this dish not be better if all the components were excellent?   the thai corn chowder tasted good, but had a funny mouth appeal, grainy and lumpy at the same time and didn't look appetizing brownish yellow. we eat with our eyes, nose, taste and tactile feel so while this tasted good it didn't do so well on the other requirements.  the mushroom and spinach dumplings were actually very blah, relying on the red pepper dipping sauce for their flavor. however the chopped salad was excellent, so all is not dismal at RESTAURANT_NAME.  i could go on but you get the idea. the place is expensive for what you get, they should pay more attention to the parts, master making them correctly before you try fusing it into another cuisine to cover up your mistakes. overall most people are not as picky as i am, we tried, it was good with some problems, problems that should not have been there at their price point.  3.5 stars
for a fusion restaurant, the food is ok. it's nothing to write home about though. big burrito's offerings are like pottery barn or cb2--attractive on the surface but generally lacking in quality. the portions are pittsburgh-sized i.e., large, so be careful you don't order too much food. the tuna is one of the better items on the menu. lobster maki is not great. chocolate maki is the right choice for those with a sweet tooth. service is the best feature of this restaurant. the bartenders are attentive. the clientle is generally upscale--you can always find a few profs from cmu to chat with at the bar.
over the past 4 years or so, my rating for RESTAURANT_NAME has regularly swung between 3-4 stars. because my experiences during recent visits have been positive, i am hoping that the 4 stars will stick this time.  one of RESTAURANT_NAME's consistent strengths is its ambiance. it offers a swank, contemporary atmosphere and, unsurprisingly, with an asian feel. the lighting is soft and pleasing -- great for romantic dinners, but still appropriate for business meals as well.   the menu also reflects a contemporary but asian influenced theme. the dishes are a little less innovative than tamari's, but they are generally well thought-out and well prepared. i especially recommend the beef short ribs strong and complex flavors and the fillet mignon super tender and juicy. the kitchen sometimes seem to have temperature control problems. i have had disappointing seared tunas over done and on a recent visit, my "medium rare" fillet would probably be considered "very rare" by most restaurants in pittsburgh.  the dessert is overpriced, but i have a special soft spot for the perennial chocolate maki.
it is difficult to deliver bad news to anyone--delivering it to your best friend is even tougher--and delivering news that will make your best friend think you are a d__k is the worst.  that would be my discussion last night regarding a job interview.  at times like these, it's best to do it over a good meal.  it makes everything more, well, civilized.  went to RESTAURANT_NAME at the recommendation of a friend from san diego.  RESTAURANT_NAME is a very upscale hipster restaurant that could hold it's own in any city in america.  i had the mussels appetizer for dinner--it's a fairly substantial bowl with about 20 black-lipped mussels in a green curry ? sauce with dried small RESTAURANT_NAME noodles and some yummy vegetables.  can't say enough good things.  oh, and it was $9.  can't beat that, can you?
like the other big burrito group restaurants, this restaurant features excellent food. sat at the bar and enjoyed wine, a seafood dinner, and dessert. fairly fancy although you can get away with wearing jeans.
i've been impressed with all of the big burrito restaurant group and so far my favorite is RESTAURANT_NAME.   the interior is a lot nicer than the exterior space. i've driven down ellsworth a million times and would not have imagined zen/dark themed interior restaurant especially with their obnoxiously loud yellow, caps, bold exterior signage that says RESTAURANT_NAME on moss green wall.  my husband and i shared a sake, lobster maki, seared tuna w/ kimchi, and scallop udon. all yum. we were also surprised by the generous entree portions.   what made my experience at RESTAURANT_NAME so great was the dessert menu. as much as i love dessert and sweets, i typically do not like a lot of ingredients used for desserts ie. nuts, chocolates, raisin, certain fruits, cinnamon, & other spices. but when i saw their dessert menu, i craved almost all of them. although my husband and i usually share one dessert, we decided on two. we had the cream brulee and dark chocolate mousse maki. both were ridiculously scrumptious.
by far the best meal i had during my four night stay in pit.  dinner kicked off with some ridiculously good pork belly buns.  sandwiched in the folded chinese steamed bun were fresh cilantro, two flavorful, tender slices of pork belly, and a slathering of  hoisin bbq sauce that was both tangy and savory.  if you consider these the asian version of a white castle slider, then go ahead and put me down for a crave case.  for my entree i had the chili-miso black cod.  our waitress mentioned this was a fairly new addition to the menu, and, from what my stomach tells me, it's going to be on that menu for quite some time.  the black cod was delicate and delicious.  the rice cake noodles were like an asian-style gnocchi, and their slight firmness provided a nice textural change to the black cod.  the sauce itself was flavorful, only slightly spicy, and included little shreds of pork and pine nuts to add to the flavor profile.  dinner ended well with the frozen cashew terrine.  the layers of chocolate ganache and candied cashews balanced well with the mango and raspberry coulis.    the interior itself was dimly lit and had a modern asian vibe.  the wait staff was also very friendly and made some great recommendations.  if i'm ever back in pit, RESTAURANT_NAME immediately jumps to number one on my dinner list.
this is a good restaurant, one of the best big burrito spots... love the small plates and the idea of being able to grab a drink at some small bites in the bar. the pork dumplings and the the vinegar sauce... to die for!!!  they have a nice happy hour m-f as well.  good cocktails.  i think many entrees are overpriced, but they are good.  but $24 for a chicken ramen dish... i still get it because it's excellent, but even restaurants in san francisco and nyc don't charge this much for such a dish.  the bronzini dish is always excellent and they try to add a few other tasty specials in from time to time... but in my opinion the menu doesn't change too often.  it's a good place to go when you want to get exactly what you want... meaning, whatever you had on the menu last time will probably still be on the menu.
i am giving RESTAURANT_NAME 5 stars for the experience i had there, even though i'm not quite sure the food deserves the whole 5 stars maybe 4.5 my boyfriend and i came here for our anniversary. we are poor college students we got dressed up for our special dinner. we ordered several small plates: the indonesian corn fritter wrap, the spicy tuna maki, the chicken and vegetable spring rolls, the korean barbecue ribs, and... something else!  the ribs were probably the best, and the corn fritter and tuna maki were also great. i was disappointed by the spring rolls - they were of good quality, but they were somewhat bland, and i expect a little more at a place and a price! like this.  for dessert we had the vanilla-poached peach with raspberry granita, coconut tapioca and brown sugar-barley crisps - this was fabulous! the combination of textures and flavors was superb. this appears to no longer be on the menu. the real treat of the evening was the service we got from our waiter. we wanted to order sake, but we are sake noobs and had no idea where to start. our waiter brought us a tasting tray of three very different sakes, all of which were delicious. we made a decision, ordered a carafe, and settled down to eat and drink and, uh, gaze lovingly into each other's eyes. as we were finishing our small plates, the waiter sidled up to our table and replaced our empty carafe with a full one, winking at us and saying "will you look at that!"  we were very pleased with our experience at RESTAURANT_NAME and it made a great anniversary dinner.
i ate here 3 days ago and i'm still thinking about it!  excellent service, decor, ambiance, etc.  excellent food.  i'm craving the scallop RESTAURANT_NAME noodles i had.  and of course...  chocolate maki roll!  *sigh*  this place loses 1 star because i can't afford to go here as much as i'd like.
i have always bee a fan of the big burrito restaurants. my boyfriend and i have been there 4 times and each time it has been amazing. the decor is excellent and its dark and even romantic. they also have a hip bar with couches and they open it up during the summer during certain holidays they have the chefs tasting  menu which has 4 courses. my boyfriend got that during their thanksgiving special and he loved it!!!!!   i have gotten the spinach and mushroom dumplings as a starter  a couple of times and they were amazing the pepper dipping sauce was soo delicious. for my entree i got the red curry tofu and the flavors were amazing. it was very filling and all the vegetables blended well. for desert i got the caramel bomb and it was delish!!!!  i ve had the vegetarian pad thai on a different occasion and that was pretty amazing too. they dont have too many vegetarian options i kind of wish they did.   they have a great wine and cocktail selection too.  for non vegetarians the chefs tasting options they have every once in a while are amazing!!
went there on a weekday night around 10pm. the restaurant was already closed so we sat in the bar area. the music was nice but the drunk people siting near the window were quite noisy. i wish they could have a separated quieter area.  we ordered some desserts and those are incredible. very delicious, big portion  can easily be shared by two people and inexpensive $6-8.  one of the two desserts that we ordered was the chocolate maki. it has chocolate maki roll pieces hard chocolate wrap and chocolate mousse filling, chocolate sauce as the soy sauce and pistachio sauce as wasabi. very nice presentation and great taste, although it's a little big heavy. you might want to share it with another person.  another one was the banana split. it has two banana halves covered by crispy sugar coating, three different kinds of ice cream and a banana cake. very tasty, and each piece has a different contradictory flavor. highly recommend it.
the food is really good here, i always get the calamari! i would stay away from the lobster rolls though.  the atmosphere is really awesome, i usually like to sit by the bar... usually in one of the comfy couch/chairs. the lighting sets the mood, and they have a tv which is good for when you want to keep an eye on the game but not be completely absorbed with it.  they make awesome drinks, and the service is pretty good.   great place to bring a date or come with a buddy to get a drink and an appetizer before heading out on the town.
after several incredible experiences at umi, i decided to give RESTAURANT_NAME next door a shot.   the design of the place is awesome. definite 5 star for ambiance; unfortunately the food did not fair as well.  chicken and vegetable springrolls: hot mustard sauce, nuoc chom - these were tasty but the description fails to mention that they are fried and a bit too oily. the nuoc chom sauce that accompanied the dish was possibly the highlight of the meal. like a very light sweet and sour.the hot mustard was passable but nothing special  calamari: chilies, toasted garlic, mint, uni emulsion -i was hoping for a raw or lightly grilled calamari presentation, i guess i should have asked. again, RESTAURANT_NAME fails to mention these are fried.  as fried calamari go..these were delicious. the uni emulsion was more of an uni-mayo sauce..and the chilies/toasted garlic/mint sprinkled along side added some great flavor.   wild barramundi: sushi rice cake, summer vegetable ratatouille, ssam jang, thai basil -i liked the flavor of the fish, the rice cake and vegetable ratatoille, however; they were all too oily. i'd like a light sear on the fish, but this was like a deep pan fry on one side. veggies were a bit to oily as well. the ssam jang was too vinnegary in my opinion.   vegetarian pad thai: zucchini, green beans, bok choy, tofu, peanuts, mung bean sprouts, cilantro -rather bland and again absolutely soaked in oil.   service was acceptable, but nothing special.   overall, i much, much prefer umi and can't wait until mr. shu get's back from vacation. i probably won't be back to RESTAURANT_NAME, i'll opt for tamari if i'm in a fusion mood.
fusion is difficult to pull off well.  have you ever noticed that "fusion" almost always involves east asian food and american cuisine.  thai corn chowder?  are they really going crazy for corn chowder in chang mai?  you never find, say, mexican-moroccan or  ethiopian-brazilian fusion places.  that would be really inventive.  instead, with RESTAURANT_NAME, you have another pan asian-american fusion joint, although i don't think i've been to a better one.  the mussels are incredible, a meal in themselves, and a bargain at $9.    i had the chopped salad, with fresh mango, avocado, mint, and just a hint of spice.  the best meal i've had here was the mussels, followed by the tuna.  the crabcakes are also good, made with lump crabmeat.    if you feel like something vaguely asian, but not too asian ex: kimchee pancakes, you won't find a better option.  but if you want something truly original, you have to go elsewhere.
so underwhelming. i've been here a few times and have always been disappointed. last night the service was especially lackluster. and the kitchen closed and 10, so no snacks for us later in the evening . they do make a good french martini though.
this was the last stop on the "brother visits ne'er do well kid sister and treats her to meals" tour.  we started with the indonesian corn fritter wraps, which were delicious with the chili-soy dipping sauce.  the corn fritters should have either been a little smaller or the lettuce leaves a little bigger, however, because the combo to unwieldy to roll up and eat.  the seaweed salad was good, too.  my entree was the autumn vegetables and rice cake noodles--which i only realized was very similar to a pasta dish at casbah after i took my first bite.  the dish at casbah: maccheretto with white beans, wild mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, rapini pesto, cheese and walnuts.  RESTAURANT_NAME's version: rice cake noodles with wild mushrooms, butternut squash, green beans, arugula and sunflower seed pesto.  the types of vegetables in casbah and RESTAURANT_NAME's versions differ, but the pestos taste pretty much the same.  rice cake noodles don't really soak up liquid, though, so RESTAURANT_NAME's version was drowning in sauce.  i probably would have enjoyed another entree more.  i guess i should have read the menu description more carefully, but didn't think asian fusion RESTAURANT_NAME and mediterranean casbah were anything alike, so i didn't expect to get the same dish at both restaurants.  for dessert, we split the five spice apple tart with honey creme fraiche and crispy yam.  the tart was more honey creme fraiche with some apple bits on top; it was tasty but i would have liked more apple.  i enjoyed the atmosphere on a sunday night, and our server was pleasant but didn't hover.  the food's delicious--just order carefully if you've dined at another big burrito restaurant not too long ago, to avoid getting a similar dish.
went here for anniversary dinner after last minute search on yelp. great food - my boyfriend was nervous about trying asian fusion for the first time but we were able to get familiar and delicious spring rolls and dumplings for appetizers.  for dinner we got seared tuna and scallops, our first foray into pittsburgh seafood after moving here from nj, and were not disappointed.  they have an extensive wine list i had two generous glasses of angeline pinot noir and a great-looking cocktail menu i don't usually go for hard liquor but i found myself uncharacteristically indecisive with so many interesting-looking choices.  pricey, but on par for the quality of food plus cocktails - would go back on another special occasion.  also pleased to find they have a albeit small parking lot.
i can't stress how incredible the big burrito group is. they deserve prizes.  i came to RESTAURANT_NAME with two friends for the oc om boc festival, and was pleased to order and eat the price-fixed $35 four-course meal they offered. delicious pho, egg rolls, spring rolls, duck confit, duck breast, noodles, beef and rice, fresh vegetables, and an incredible dessert of cake with a hint of banana and a vanilla wafer.  the lights were turned low, there was a wall with running water streaming down from the top, and there was some contemporary playlist in the background playing all of your npr favorites david gray, radiohead. as an added bonus, the paper towels in the bathroom were excellent--i felt so guilty wiping my hands on them and throwing them away.  the menu is a bit pricey, but i don't think i'm experienced enough to judge its price vs. the food...i'm just a pretty broke college student who spends all of his expendable income on nice places like RESTAURANT_NAME.
i was here this past week while visiting. the food was superb. the seared tuna was amazing-the best i've had anywhere. the scallops were also excellent. appetizers were delicious. the restaurant is beautiful, dimly lit, and very relaxed. our server, amanda, was great-really knowledgeable and helpful. lookinf forward to my next trip to pitt. to come back here.
so the majority of my food was good here, appetizer king edward mussels, dessert sorbet but the main course i ordered: RESTAURANT_NAME noodle was horrible. it was way to salty which overwhelmed all other flavours.  normally i would give a place a second chance, but this is RESTAURANT_NAME we are talking about the namesake of the restaurant.  for this price, i would expect excellent food and great atmosphere which this place has failed to deliver.
if you are like me, and adore espresso martini's, you must check out RESTAURANT_NAME on ellsworth avenue! the martini is made of chilled espresso, vanilla vodka and kahlua coffee liqueur.   by far the best espresso martini in the city!  they also have an excellent food menu for both the bar and restaurant.  they have happy hour specials and the bar is always filled with a great crowd!  RESTAURANT_NAME is affiliated with the big burrito chain, along with eleven, kaya, casbah and umi: all of which are excellent restaurants!
to start off with, let me tell you that i am big fan of this restaurant and the only reason im writing this review is to praise it. RESTAURANT_NAME has been my favorite restuarant in pittsburgh that has class, good food, flavourful and each food is served with very good presentation. this restaurant has been the restaurant of choice for any occasion- celebration of job, or birthdays.  being a vegetarian myself, they really dont have many options for vegetarians. but they ae ever so accommodating to make any pasta customized for vegetarian taste buds.  let me summarize the experiences-  1 the staff is friendly, polite and explain any dish to you if you ask them.  2 lovely lovely ambience. i love the water fountain inside the restuarant. 3 food is flavorful. a tip- the sides listed on the menu are usually small eats and work marvelously as an appetizer for two-three people. make sure you try them. 4 the presentation of the food is really good. matches with the flavor. 5 not a slow service 6 good selection of wines. again the staff explain the best combination for every meal. 7 desert- is top of the world. my personal recommendation- try the chocolate maki. its a desert that is truly creative and deserves five stars. it has chocolate mouse stuffed inside what is similar to a rice roll, instead its a chocoltae crepe. the wasabi is substituted with paste made of pista chocolate sauce becomes the vinegar and of course, ginger is as is. this is by far the best desert i have ever tasted in pittsburgh at any restuarant.   if you are looking for a romantic friday evening, or your first date or just a classy restuarant for celebration then i would highly recommend this. just be aware that the food is a little pricey and can easily run up for more than $100 for just 3 people including drinks.
this is officially one of my favorite "special occasion" restaurants in the city.  both times my bf and i have been here, we have ordered the tasting menu.  the first time was the "water festival" that was fabulous.  the second time was for valentines weekend.  i like the tasting menu because it forces me to try things that i wouldn't normally order.  i am not a fan of the gamey taste of lamb or the texture of scallops and mushrooms....but when its done right, like it is at RESTAURANT_NAME, i fall in love and realize what i am missing.  my bf and i usually order one of each item and switch back and forth so we get to taste 7 dishes in all.   highly recommend the tasting menu.
i've been to RESTAURANT_NAME twice and it was my first real experience with "upscale" dining.  the inside is great, i was especially fond of the two story waterfall against one wall. the seats were comfortable and the pace of the service let you know that you could stick around a while and enjoy yourself.  the food isn't as asian as i expected it but still delicious. i went with the filet mignon and it melted in my mouth like butter. the sprouts on top gave it a nice, fresh crunch.  the service was spectacular, as it should be for this type of establishment. my only real complaint is that after having been to kaya and eleven, i feel RESTAURANT_NAME could diversify their menu a bit. a few of their dishes can be found on its brother's menus and i don't think they're quite capturing eastern food.  either way, it's delicious.
oh RESTAURANT_NAME... always a tasty experience, but you always manage to screw up just enough to not make you a place i would brag about.  tonight, i ordered the pad thai... meh.  i've had it twice here, and each time, a loser.  this time it had a great taste, but the after taste had too much of a carbon flavor for my palate.  however, the mussels were great and the braised ribs were excellent.  nonetheless, i still have that burnt carbon taste in my mouth, hence the 3 stars.  would i go back again?  yes.  but just stay away from the pad thai.
made reservations on a busy saturday night 3/5 for me and my girlfriend....it was our first time eating out in pittsburgh out of towners and RESTAURANT_NAME exceeded my expectations coming from socal where there's asian fusion joints everywhere.   the coat check for ladies and free parking was awesome....the tandoori grilled salmon was impeccable....and this place is getting 5 stars from me mainly for its outrageously delicious and homemade "RESTAURANT_NAME banana split." that's right, homemade chocolate, roasted pineapple, and jasmine-green tea ice cream scoops on top of banana cake and creme-bruleed crunchy bananas. best dessert we've ever had.   speciality drinks were pretty outstanding too....thanks RESTAURANT_NAME!!
get a martini or anything else they have this place is heaven   b
i give this place an okay because i've had mixed experiences. the first time i went it was okay, but was very forgettable.  the last time i went, we were seated outside on the balcony, and the outdoor heating was nice, our waiter was polite and well spoken. the only thing was that our food took... forever... to come. when we asked about the status of our order, the food came right away.  in terms of food, they have a pretty good selection, but... once again forgettable. it's a nice and casual place to go but don't expect more.
had dinner at RESTAURANT_NAME on a thursday night with a friend.  went around 6pm, no reservations, and were seated right away.  i was talking to my friend about my lack of knowledge of white wine when our waiter came over to fill up our waters.  he asked if i wanted to learn about white wines and offered us a tasting of 3 varieties. he had us try them without telling us what they were. the thoughtfulness and interest in pairing our wines with our dinner really made our night.  we started off with the crispy tofu, which i always get, and this time did not disappoint.  i had the mushroom and rice cake noodles and my friend had the seared tuna.  both dishes were great, aside from the kim chi on my friend's plate that was not very good. my dish was on the spicy side, so make sure to ask about spice level if that concerns you.
last night was the first time i went to RESTAURANT_NAME and i loved it! my friends and i got some tables in the lounge area and it was the perfect setting for a quiet saturday night catching up with friends. the whole place has such a great vibe, the service was awesome, and the drinks were dee-lish! i can't wait to go back and have dinner there.
RESTAURANT_NAME saturday night after art all night! whew there were so many people in lawrenceville! it was impossible to get in anywhere and my group wasn't willing to stand outside in the brisk air just to get in and have to fight for seating or even a drink. RESTAURANT_NAME was the perfect choice! love, love it here.  i have been here to eat before but most nights it's such a busy place that we head elsewhere. since all of pittsburgh was on butler st we got in and sat right down in the lounge next to the glass fireplace! i would love to do a photoshoot in this sexy space. there is always a romantic mood at RESTAURANT_NAME. martini glasses clinking in a group cheers, a spectacular setting for a lovely evening and exciting conversation, discussing all the interesting art we just saw.  you have to try the cucumber martini, it is "muah" marvelous! i think my drinks all summer will be cucumber themed because it is so light and refreshing!   i have this thing for pad thai, and i am searching the city for the best. so that is what i ordered last time i dined here. it was a pretty decent pad thai but i am still looking for one like i had years ago at papermoon in erie. it was the best i ever had in my life, no competitors yet. the appetizers i have tried are very good. this is an upscale dining establishment so expect that the food will be as well. they have a small lot that is always packed so you may have to drive around on the small side streets to find parking. i think this is one of the best spots in the city for a date night!
elie and i came in for happy hour drinks and i'm really glad we did.  the bar is lovely, and the actual restaurant is really nice.  the drinks were delicious and strong, and everything from the sour pickle martini to the smoky mezcal was excellent. we had two drinks each, sampling four decadent cocktails for only $24.  i heart happy hour, and this one rocks.  the food looked great, worth trying next time around.
first of all, i'm an out of town visitor that was looking for a good restaurant for the family of 5.  i am huge fish fan and the selection they had was fantastic.  we are koreans so we stayed away from the fusion korean food thinking we probably had better cooked by our mothers.   the wait service was fantastic and very helpful with wine and food list.    the appetizers were o.k.  we got the tomato soup, curry chowder, mushroom buns, baby octopus.  baby octopus was great but other were ok.   the nice waiter recommended a new fish dish that had braised the whole fish, which was excellent.  i'm a huge fish fan and it was so tender and flavored.  i tried some of the tuna steak, but it was okay. and some of the noodle dishes were fantastic and good size.    i would recommend it for special occasions because it was pretty price, but i really did like the fish dishes they had.
dude.  pittsburgh.  who knew you had such a refined and sexy dining scene???  well, your good citizens, that's who.  which is how husband and i were referred to point brugge, salt of the earth, and lastly RESTAURANT_NAME lounge, thanks to the brilliant hostess at our b&b who told us RESTAURANT_NAME was her favorite spot within walking distance.  i don't usually dine without yelping these days, but i am *so* glad we recklessly heeded her advice.  our meal at RESTAURANT_NAME was one of the finest, most delicious, and wholly satisfying that i can recall joining salt of the earth, no less, in that prestigious category....  the subtle lighting and modern dcor of the joint is coolly lovely, setting the mood right away for a relaxed dining experience.  attentive, professional service is provided by servers who explain that most of the produce used in RESTAURANT_NAME's dishes is locally sourced and are happy to make recommendations.  husband and i started out with an asparagus maki roll appetizer, with tempura asparagus, tamago, roasted local shiitakes, scallion, and a spicy lemon ponzu.  the soft, sticky rice didn't overwhelm the crunchy asparagus, earthy 'shroom, and slightly-sweet tamago; the ponzu dip was a pleasantly sour foil.  we also had an order of thai-inspired blue bay mussels with crispy RESTAURANT_NAME and aioli, which were *fab-u-lous.*  i eat a lot of mussels, but these were some of the most enjoyable i've ever had.  for entres, husband and i split the RESTAURANT_NAME noodle scallops -- which arrived at the table with root spinach, cuttlefish, wild mushroom, and fresh wasabi -- and the seared tuna -- with a sesame crust, cucumber-red-onion salad, kimchee, ginger fried rice, and peanuts.  both dishes were out of this world.  husband i had trouble cutting ourselves off at half and switching plates, but were both rewarded tenfold for doing so.  the scallops had a perfect sear, the RESTAURANT_NAME was fat and chewy, the ponzu wasabi broth was soul-warming.  and the tuna was seared expertly, still gorgeously garnet and cool in the middle, complemented by a crunchy, nutty sesame crust and that flavorful rice.  i don't think either of us wanted that meal to end.  and all things considered, husband and i thought the bill at the end of the night was ridiculously reasonable.  RESTAURANT_NAME ftw.  pittsburgh, i have a crush on you.  your perfectly-priced fine-dining scene makes me want to pull up stakes and move in with you.
we've been meaning to try RESTAURANT_NAME for dinner every time we go to umi. i'm only in town a few times a year, so we finally made this a priority. the food was spectacular and the drinks and service were first class.  my wife had the whole bronzini, which i tried some of, and it was dynamite. don't let the whole fish preparation intimidate you!  my entree was the seared tuna and it was quite good as well.  we enjoyed a great pinot noir that was recommended by our waiter and also had some great sparkling sake.  we waited for our table in the lounge and tried some cocktails -- all receive high marks.  we were seated near the water feature wall, which is a spot i would recommend. the lighting, mood, food, and service make this a great location if you're looking to impress or have a nice romantic evening.  i look forward to a return visit.
the night i moved to pittsburgh in january 2010, i went to RESTAURANT_NAME with my parents. my mom was so obsessed that we had to go every time they visited. i loved it too, but after realizing there were so many other worthy restaurants to try in pittsburgh, RESTAURANT_NAME fell by the wayside, to the point where i figured that maybe i was playing it up to be better than it actually was in my head.  i ended up going back to RESTAURANT_NAME for dinner this week since it's right around the corner from my new place. and it was actually just as good as i remembered! i was upset that there was nothing pork belly related on the menu that was always my favorite here, but ended up getting yellowtail sashimi, scallops with a peach jam, and the chopped salad. the chopped salad here, which changes with the seasons, is possibly one of my favorite salads of all time. there's always like ten thousand ingredients in it and it's always super refreshing this time there was nectarine, coconut, cucumber, avocado, mint....  i wish the restaurant wasn't quite so dark this seems to be the trend in all big burrito restaurants and we were being stared down by a snobby older couple the entire time we dined at 10pm, and were dressed to go out afterward...i don't know if it was my friend's tattoos or the fact that i was wearing a crop top that was so offensive, but they were not having it!, but otherwise it was an all-around awesome experience. our waitress was super nice and down-to-earth and didn't make us feel like we were out of place at all. so, RESTAURANT_NAME, you have managed to maintain your 5-star rating from me, and i'm so very sorry i've been neglecting you!
my boyfriend took me out to dinner at RESTAURANT_NAME lounge for my birthday last week!  we had reservations for 7 pm on a thursday evening, and had an absolute hell of a time parking!  how does anybody live in this neighborhood?  it's maddening.  the lot next to RESTAURANT_NAME was full, and there's only one way in/out, so it was pretty much impossible to get out of after we realized it was full - don't even bother, just drive around until you find street parking somewhere.  our disgruntled-ness quickly wore off when we stepped inside.  dimly lit, sleekly decorated, and filled with a sense of zen and calm, my boyfriend noted that it reminded him of the restaurants in chicago.  high praise!  we followed our server upstairs, past a peaceful wall-waterfall, and to our elegant table.  there was a medium-size crowd at RESTAURANT_NAME that night, consisting oddly of mostly older people and businessmen - not many twenty somethings in sight!  that was a bit surprising, but fortunately the noise level was low, giving RESTAURANT_NAME a feeling of intimacy - great for a date!  our server was friendly, perky, and quick to recommend her favorite dishes.  she was the kind of server who, if you wanted her to, would stop at your table to chat for a few minutes, but if you'd rather she was unobtrusive and quick, she could do that too.  i started with a cocktail, the gin blossom, and my boyfriend got something with drambuie that isn't on the menu anymore.  i loved mine - it was purple!  it was very floral and sweet, perfect for me.  just strong enough too - i sipped it throughout the whole meal.  we started with the grilled baby octopus, which actually was great!  the texture was meatier than we expected - i think we anticipated the rubbery, chewiness of calamari.  but it was great!  the legs tentacles? were lined with grill marks and the meat had a salty, savory taste.  and the aioli that lined the plate?  creamy and delicious.  next, we enjoyed the lobster maki with pistachios and mango - it was delicious and fresh, presented very simply.  a bit pricey for what you get, but we enjoyed it nonetheless.  for my entree, i had the sea scallops with bbq pork, and it was pretty wonderful.  the scallops were cooked perfectly, and i mean perfectly.  the pork underneath was flavorful and tender - a bit salty, but at least it wasn't bland!  the rice cake noodles were deliciously glutinous and chewy.  it was a good size portion as well - i couldn't quite finish it after the two appetizers we shared, so i had to take a bit home. boyfriend got the pad thai, and i found it a little disappointing in that it was indistinguishable from takeout pad thai.  good takeout, but still - it didn't seem heightened in any way.  which is fine, i guess, but for $19?  whoa.  no.  he was satisfied with it, but i was disappointed since it was a special occasion and his meal definitely wasn't of birthday caliber.  at least it was my birthday and not his!  i think generally the food here is very good, and the atmosphere is upscale and intimate.  i'd stick with the dishes that are complex and unique.  don't go here and get the pad thai.  but you won't be disappointed by the exotic offerings!
great atmosphere, wonderful wait staff, and the food is good, but a little too much. i kept wanting chef ramsey to walk in and make the dishes more simple.  the pork wrapped around sugar cane, simmered in banana leaves with lemon grass water was a bit too sweet. the soup's were dense and filled with so many ingredients, you couldn't enjoy, let alone identify, the flavors.  they give large portions, and don't skimp, but sometimes, less is more. the ribs were the saving grace, with the meat almost falling from the bone.
pan-asian fusion.  that designation usually means fancy chinese food at high-end prices. even in boston and chicago, $30 was a lot for an entree.  so to have the same prices in the 'burgh, the "most livable city," i would expect to be knocked off my feet.  or, maybe, i'm just a cheap bastard.  i tried all the appetizers, and they were all excellent.  the portion sizes for both the appetizers and the entrees were generous.  the spring rolls, crabcakes, spinach dumplings, et al. come with 6 servings each.  i think most people enjoyed their entrees.  i had the seared tuna, which was a big piece.  it was prepared pretty well, and had nice sides of pickled cucumbers and kim chi.  the sides were really good -- but i've also had these items store-bought, and they tasted almost as good.  service was excellent and the waitstaff was nice and accomodating.  i also appreciated the decor and atmosphere, something i normally don't prioritize.  it's definitely a swanky place.  in short, very good food, but for me, who averages $13/hr for my salary, i'd rather eat somewhere with a better price/taste ratio.
you cannot go wrong in a big burrito restaurant! well, unless you are  looking for your mexican friend's grandma's cooking at mad mex. RESTAURANT_NAME is probably my fave bb restaurant i haven't been to umi yet. i love creative foods and drinks and RESTAURANT_NAME delivers here. it's about 17-item small plates list seems extensive, because you would want to try every one of them. we shares six small plates for dinner - grilled octopus, vietnamese shrimp and squid, yellowtail sashimi, lobster maki, korean bbq ribs and calamari. the viet shrimps were quite overcooked - kind of like when you try cooking the chilled cooked shrimps. it's sauce and the accompaniments were amazing though. the ribs were a big hit, crispy, tender and not fatty. i wish the sashimi was a little bigger in portion and the calamari about half the amount they offer. the portions, except for the sashimi were "pittsburgh portions". i almost had to be rolled back home; i was that full, and happy. if i am to spend $100+ on dinner, then i want to be this happy that i would want to write a yelp review the very next morning.
i hate to put two stars, but.. i have experienced better. especially for the price. this was my first visit, and, frankly, it made me want to go back for the bar but not the restaurant.  there were definitely good points. the service was great, and i enjoyed the cocktail that i ordered off the menu. also, they had a couple of lesser-known cocktail classics that made me think the bartending staff know their thing. the wine by the glass menu had nice choices, too.  unfortunately, the food was mixed. i had the pork dumplings for an appetizer. the combination of flavors in the filling, dip and wrapper was very good, but the wrapper was unusually thick and distractingly chewy, even gummy as in, it stuck to my teeth and the roof of my mouth gummy. the server said they'd just started making their wrappers in-house, and i think they need some work.  i had the chicken ramen soup for a main course. it just wasn't very good. i didn't expect it to be up to vancouver bc standards that city seems to have a thing for ramen, but the noodles were a bit tough, and a whole lot of the flavor came from salt. this includes the broth and the chicken. i didn't really want to eat it; i just tried the leftovers, and i don't really want to eat them either.  if the food were at 2/3 to 3/4 of the price i'd give it three stars. as it is, i wish i'd gone somewhere else. clearly, other people love the place. maybe i'll give it another chance, if i'm with friends who want to go.
nice place, towards the expensive side, but the food is great.  nice atmosphere and it is fairly big.  we went on a friday night and we were sitted immediately.  the service is fast and nice.  definitely one of the places that i will visit again.
i have dinned RESTAURANT_NAME on multiple occasions and it never disappoints.  i really like the decor very fitting for menu served and the wait staff is very knowledgeable about the menu. since my standard practice is to ask what their favorite dishes and the most popular dishes are, a waitress/waiter that can give a detailed response is a big plus.    the wine menu is very thorough and my wife and i can always find a bottle that is both of high quality and reasonably priced.  for apps, we usually split the grilled baby octopus, if you have never had it, i highly suggest it.   i was a little surprised on my most recent visit that they have removed the sea scallop entree from the menu,  my wife and i had both planned on getting this meal that evening.  i hope it returns soon, however, and a big however, the scallops were replaced with the miso black cod, which was absolutely fantastic.  one of those meals where eat bite is better than the next, the bbq ribs and noodles remain from the scallop dish but i believe there was a llittle more spice in this dish.  i also believe this is the famous miso black cod from next door at umi, i could be wrong.   get this entree, it is amazing.    in summary, RESTAURANT_NAME is great for a nice meal out, food is top notch, some of the best you will find in pittsburgh, and of course i will return soon, yet again.
the best thing about my recent experience at RESTAURANT_NAME was the service.  the waitstaff were unobtrusively attentive and very friendly.   i highly recommend the chicken ramen, which has fried chicken, noodles, and a fried egg.  i'm not sure how you can go wrong with that combination of ingredients.  the true star of the meal was the dessert - some sort of chocolate mousse and pretzel stack that was really amazing and made in-house.   my only quibble is that some menu items are pricey considering what they are - i mean, $18 for fried rice?
i was so disappointed with the quality... the salad was drenched in vinegar, the duck was mediocre.  i guess i'm used to really good food from foodie towns.  if i wanted mediocre food, i would go to fridays or olive garden-- was it comparable?  yes, for quality of food.  the price, obviously, was much more.  this fake fusion place would have gone out of business, regardless of price, if it had to compete with the likes of slanted door or was located in a city with good food.  if this is representative of the best pittburgh has to offer, then take the money you would have spent here and reinvest it in a trip to sf or nyc and eat well for a week. how sad is that?  don't go here... you pay $30 for an entree, $10 for an appetizer, and $15 for a mediocre wine.  not worth it...
RESTAURANT_NAME delivered again! one of the perks of being on the big burrito mailing list is the postcard they send every year at your birthday time for a free entree. i like to celebrate my birthday with some good food in the company of friends, so i usually select a restaurant and invite a few folks to join me. tuesday night eight of us met at RESTAURANT_NAME for what turned out to be a truly lovely evening.   we had great service from go. the staff is very professional, yet willing to engage. we were seated on the top level, which was quite nice because it was quiet and there were only a few other tables aside from ours.   the roasted beet salad $10 was a nice start. golden and red beets were thinly sliced and piled with arugula, cortland apples, a very pretty light pink radish with green skin, cashews, and dressed with ginger vinaigrette. others around the table enjoyed the chopped salad, tuna tartar, spicy tuna maki, and the calamari. there were no complaints and many a plate circumnavigated the table. several of the group commented that the calamari were particularly good.  there are currently three veg options on the menu, and it was a hard choice:  * red curry tofu: wild mushrooms, yellow wax beans, yu choy, fried cauliflower, carrots, chickpeas, basil, steamed jasmine rice $17 * autumn vegetable and rice cake: butternut squash, chanterelles, apples, spinach, fermented black beans, miso butter, pine nuts $17 * spicy pumpkin and basil noodles: shiitake, baby bok choy, peanuts, fried egg $17  i finally chose the noodles with the spicy pumpkin and basil sauce. the dish was pleasantly spicy and i liked the addition of the egg. i would have liked the bok choy to be cut a little smaller and the shitakes cut a little bigger, but these are very small complaints about an otherwise very enjoyable dish.  my mother when with the autumn vegetables and rice cakes, which really weren't "cakes" at all, but more like small balls about the size of a gnocci made out of rice noodles. it was "too spicy" for her, but i really can't tell you what she meant because it is not spicy at all. it had a bit of a smoky rustic flavor and no spiciness whatsoever. all i know is that the rest of her dish is now in my fridge which i will be enjoying later.   dessert started out as a hard sell to my dining companions, but i had saved room--this was my birthday dinner after all! what's a birthday dinner without "cake"!?! i went with the chocolate maki: dark chocolate mousse wrapped in a  chocolate pistachio crepe and sliced to looked like a maki roll. a small pile of pistachio cream sat next to it looking like wasabi and the "pickled ginger" was really thing slices of cantaloupe. a small pot of chocolate sauce mimicked soy for dipping. t'was rich and fine, however, being the ginger fiend that i am, i really wished they had used real pickled ginger!  others shared the chocolate pretzel stack, consisting of wonton 'pretzel' chips, malted milk chocolate cream, miso caramel, and a kinako truffle. my spoon may have found it's way into that pile up and i was impressed. the "pretzel" was really tasty and the malted chocolate cream complemented it well. my mother and i both agreed that the miso caramel was amazing, and while mom's concept of "spicy" may be questionable, her judgment of things caramel is not. i also heard no complaints about the black & white ice cream sandwich dark chocolate cookies, white chocolate cheesecake ice cream, peppermint sabayon, pomegranate molasses, though it sounds like too much for me.   RESTAURANT_NAME has consistently delivered a solid menu and fine service over the years. once on the cutting edge of pittsburgh's nascent culinary scene, they're now part of the old vanguard, but there's nothing stale about the place. adventurous vegetarians and omnivores will all find something to delight the palate, though i can't guarantee your 70 year old mom will fare as well.
i'd prob give RESTAURANT_NAME 3.5 stars if i could. we didn't want to drive in the snow so walked over to RESTAURANT_NAME on a friday night and actually made reservations just an hour before we prob won't get away with that on a non-stormy night. after a blast of warm air i was welcomed into this dark, cozy and seductive venue. we were led up to the top level and settled in. i ordered a sapporo, calamari and tuna. beer always hits the spot for me. calamari was delicious with a nice mayo sauce with a squirt of lime. the tuna was tender! my butter knife cut into it so easily. the side of kimchi was just okay and the abundance of hot sauce sauce was to much for me. fried rice went well with everything and balanced the tuna and sauce out. we then ordered the coconut cashew brownie which was delicious too as suggested by the waitress. the portions were large imho and while the service was fantastic i just thought the food was priced a tad high for what was offered. seems like RESTAURANT_NAME would be nice for a special occasion or just to have a nice dinner though.
pretty good food, fantastic atmosphere, slightly overpriced, but not unreasonable for the quality and atmosphere
awesome service, food very good, but a tad salty for my taste. great ambiance!
i'm usually a fan of what big burrito does around pittsburgh, yet i can't fully recommend RESTAURANT_NAME to the asian food enthusiast. while the space and service warrant a 4.5 star rating, one can summarize most dishes as high quality yet forgettable rip-offs.  not that this designation makes sense or anything at this point, but read on. i'm not going to go into the details of the dishes i ate, as they probably won't be on the menu in the near future. RESTAURANT_NAME's seasonality is something that makes it stand out, and i appreciate the sourcing of the ingredients. speaking of the ingredients, everything is a rather high quality, which is to be expected at the price point. my scallops were deliciously meaty and sugar sweet, and my vegetarian dining companion's vegetables all tasted quite fresh. the rhubarb in my desert had a perfectly tangy, subtly sweet flavor. proteins and veggies stand out.  but the dishes, as a whole, don't warrant the price point. RESTAURANT_NAME tries to communicate subtlety in flavoring of its food, and it carries this principle of subtlety a bit too far. in fact, the food ends up being on the slightly bland, underseasoned side more often than not. for example, the broth in my entree tasted only vaguely of the soy and ginger promised, and my friend's red curry exhibited anemic spicing. flaws in execution are similarly prevalent; my noodles and my friend's rice were too mushy. such flaws didn't detract too heavily from the dining experience, but when i'm paying $70+ appetizer, dinner, dessert, and drink for a meal i'm expecting complex flavor and texture contrasts, deft seasoning, and meticulous technique. to that end, RESTAURANT_NAME fails. the meal was fairly enjoyable, and perhaps i went on an off night, but my sticker shock for good but not great food has yet to subside.
dear pittsburgh, we are foodies from boston.  the wonderful thing about living in a city like boston is that there are few chain restaurants, but infinite amounts of local-owned restaurants with hip atmosphere and delicious food made with fresh ingredients and a whole lotta passion.  i understand you're hard up, but this place made your list of top 25 restaurants in the city?  seriously?  the decor looked much like many homes in the suburbs outside your city-a little bit o' this and a little bit o' that, but that is beside the point.  swarmy waiters you have to flag down for service and by the way, the locals were having to do it too is not charming or cool.  it's unacceptable.  especially when a restaurant has the audacity to charge what this place was for a crappy meal.  and i'm telling you, other than the thai corn chowder, this food was barely edible.  what with all the kings and eat-n-parks you may not know this, but trust me, a visitor from the land of delicious, this is just gross.  and to pay anywhere over $100 for gross or even anywhere edging up to $100 is just a slap in the face.  it's time for pittsburgh to get standards that are above ground.  a restaurant like just should be nowhere near your top 25.
what a lovely, intimate, upscale restaurant! a nice surprise by my boo on a wednesday night was going to RESTAURANT_NAME for dinner. we didn't have reservations but there was some seating available and we opted to sit outside since the weather was gorgeous.  i have never been here before and was really impressed with the decor! the outside seating area was my favorite part of the whole dining experience. comfortable chairs, lights strung across the ceiling, the most pleasant breeze and a view of the sky which at the time was a mix of pinks and reds.   boo and i split an appetizer the mushroom, spinach dumplings and the pad thai entree. both were fantastic as was the service. love it!
i went to RESTAURANT_NAME with some co-workers on a work trip to pittsburgh. the wine selection was pretty impressive there was something for every taste and the food was good. not the best pad thai i've ever eaten pretty dry, like it had been sitting a while but my co-workers enjoyed their meals. would go back again if i were in the area.
we found RESTAURANT_NAME to be very unique and relaxing. we absolutely loved the smooth rock water feature expanding two floors and an entire side of one wall. very peaceful.  we tried their farm feast tasting menu event for $35 per person, including four courses. you may also accompany the courses with a wine paring for $20, giving you four different types of wine with each serving. we thought the cost was a great value.  the thing i love most about a tasting menu is that you don't have to worry about decisions. the menu is already planned. i'm sure many people would have an issue with this, but as a foodie, there is nothing better than to experience new cuisines. if you are one of those picky people, you can order off RESTAURANT_NAME's japanese-fusion style menu.  because we were blown-away from the atmosphere, outstanding service, and talented chefs, RESTAURANT_NAME made our pittsburgh favorite list at www.girllikestoeat.com//pittsburghfavorites/  this is for sure an exquisite dining experience.
very tasty, gourmet class! loved the scallops with korean rice noodles. am hard to please with fusion, but these folks have pulled it off.
RESTAURANT_NAME is another restaurant in the big burrito group's offerings and absolutely another hit. it's located in shadyside, an area that i rarely venture out to for fear of destroying my car, but i will make the trek for RESTAURANT_NAME. and mad mex.  as others have noted, the restaurant is very intimate. compared to eleven, which is classy and upscale but rather casual if that makes sense, RESTAURANT_NAME is definitely date night territory. in fact, my boyfriend took me on our first date to RESTAURANT_NAME followed by an awesome evening at cirque de soleil. what a night it was.  this restaurant is up to the standards of quality and service that all of big burrito's restaurants offer. the food is amazing, the drinks are tasty, and the staff are super friendly. the asian plum sangria and the bangkok tea are my favorite drinks there, highly recommend them. the one called offer you can't refuse - be careful. tasty, but be careful.  as far as food, excepting one time we've always just ordered a round of different appetizers and spent the night sampling. i've never had anything i didn't like, and i in fact highly recommend the crispy tofu. yum-my. even if you think you don't like tofu, you feel so wrong about that stance once you've eaten theirs.  the only time we ordered entrees was on nye. we engaged in their pre-fixe menu for the holiday. i can't remember what we had, but i do remember all of it being awesome. it was a really great way to spend nye, avoiding any type of craziness and filling up on some good food.
went here for my husband's birthday and they have a very nice outdoor seating area. i wasn't a huge fan but my husband loved it and compared it to being on the same scale as eleven so that's why it gets a 4 star rating.   we ordered the korean barbeque ribs $12 which fell off the bone and the calamari with chilies, toasted garlic, mint and an uni emulsion $9.   my husband had the seared rare tuna - sesame crust, korean bbq, kim chi, cucumber-red onion  salad, ginger fried rice and peanuts $34 which he loved. i had the spicy basil noodles with broccoli, onion, button mushrooms, baby bok choy, orange peel, sesame seeds and fried egg $17. i ordered it spicy but found it to have a strange taste.   for dessert we had the frozen cashew terrine which had chocolate ganahce, mango-rasberry coulis and candied cashews for $8.
had i went with more people, i would have loved to have ordered more small plates to share. however, i ventured to shadyside alone. as an appetizer, i ordered the kim chi pancake. the sauce is what makes the dish. without the tangy soy sauce, the kim chi, which has bay scallops and shrimp, the pancake tasted lackluster. definitely to be combined with kim chi and the bean sprouts sides as well.   as my main entree i ordered the miso cod. fabulous. by far the best cod i've ever had. the flavors were so rich and surprising with every bite. atop the cod was a zesty lemony topping, while the miso sauce was unbelievable with a spicy kick. the cod was perfectly tender and just melted in the mouth. while the bbq pork was less tender, i appreciated that it was lean meat. along with the pine nuts and the rice cake medallions, each bite was a sensory eruption. sizeable portion.  for dessert i ordererd the banana split with bruleed banana, banana cake, chocolate ice cream with chocolate sauce, lychee sorbet substitute for sesame, on the side, and condensed milk. super decadent, but terrfic.   service was impeccable. cool atmosphere in an up-and-coming neighborhood. definitely an interesting pan-asian repertoire.
i recently visited RESTAURANT_NAME this past weekend on a trip to pittsburgh and i have been dying to return ever since. i wish i could get it shipped here to nj! the food was definitely some of the best food i have ever had. the drinks were all very interesting as well. very tasty! we ordered an array of small plates to sample various different things. each one was better than the next. the spicy tuna maki roll was out of this world! the tempura green beans were so delicious too! we sampled everything from soup to salad and korean bbq ribs. everything delicious! we even left room for dessert which was equally amazing. my friend had the sesame ice cream with salted caramel. it sounded strange to me at first but it was so delicious. i had the chocolate make which was so beautifully prepared and delectable although extremely rich with the dark chocolate. definitely something to share because of the richness, i was only able to eat a few bites. my other friend got the pandan leaf panna cotta. after reading it on the menu, i didn't think it sounded like something i would like. boy oh boy, was i wrong. it was amazing! i can't wait to return to pittsburgh to visit RESTAURANT_NAME again!
i've had the pleasure of visiting this establishment two times over the last several months.  the first time was for a fancy-pants dinner in which the upstairs portion of the restaurant was reserved and the guests were privileged enough to indulge in unlimited drinks and a very elaborate 5 course meal.  RESTAURANT_NAME is very much "asian-fusion" in its cuisine, and it pulls it off quite well.  as a vegetarian, there are plenty of options for me to choose from.  some of the dishes that stand out to me include the tofu appetizer and the vegetable curry entree.  the second time i visited here, i sat by the bar, which is dimly lit, relatively quiet, but gives off this cool sort of vibe.  i love it.  we had a great time.  service was fantastic.   my critiques would be 1. a tad bit pricier than what i would like to pay and 2. could up the ante on the spice level just a tad.  otherwise, i highly recommend this place.  i think you'll enjoy it.
RESTAURANT_NAME is hit or miss for me. the cocktails are awesome, particularly when $6 during happy hour. you can't beat lavendar syrups and st germain. i've had some great dishes - the corn soup and the pad thai- but some have flopped. the lamb stew, for example, had delicious flavor but besides the veggies was almost inedible because the lamb was tough as leather. i feel like mistakes like this shouldn't happen at these prices.
i love this place. it is right across the street from my office.  great food and drinks and the ambiance is sweet.
i have dined at RESTAURANT_NAME more times than any other restaurant in pittsburgh; it is my favorite! the dishes are original and creative, not like anything one can find elsewhere. i don't like tofu so much, but their tofu appetizer is fantastic - and is a large portion for a moderate cost. the chopped salad is worthy of my daily cravings. they usually have two vegetarian entrees, one or both of which can be made vegan. for a long while they had an awesome rice cake dish that i could not resist - it was a take on pesto with neato chewy rice cake noodle things and a seasonal mix of veggies and mushrooms. i do miss that one. but lately i've been getting the thakkali curry, which is pretty good too, with an interesting take on mango pickle spicy! and sadly, it comes with the best paratha in town.   once i had a bad experience with the rice cake dish - it came out all wrong. i was unable to complain at the table due to my company...but i emailed the manager because i wanted them to know that somebody in the kitchen didn't seem to be gettin' it. i also took that opportunity of contact to ask for a recipe for some to-die-for brussels sprouts they used to have on their sides menu that were no longer available. the response was above and beyond what i could have expected. everything was made up for and then some. and they apparently didn't have the recipe i requested on record, but gave me a general run down of how to make it from memory; now i make them at home according to RESTAURANT_NAME's instructions every time!  the drinks! excellent. some of my favorites are the metamorphosis no longer on menu, but i think you can still get it, offer you can't refuse, the dirty pickle, la pinta and beauty mark...they also have a nice selection of sake, which is rare in pittsburgh, however is is expensive to buy here.   the atmosphere is not really my style, but it passes as a cool calm romantic space. i do get sick of hearing the same music every time i go, but there are some great songs in the mix. the service is hit or miss, and some of the servers come off as scripted probably new. our last server was really slow about checking on us and drinks took a long time though it wasn't busy. and as with most big burrito restaurants, i don't like that there are separate food runners from servers, because it makes it confusing and more time consuming to ask for things. i prefer the bar seating and service, usually.   all in all, i think RESTAURANT_NAME is pittsburgh's best place to eat and drink.
let me start by saying that i do not normally take the time out of my busy day to write reviews for restaurants that i check in at. however, i felt particularly compelled to take 15 minutes to discuss RESTAURANT_NAME lounge with the e-universe. put simply, the food is amazing. i went with a group of friends and we all decided to splurge on a good meal. the end result was we still found ourselves talking about this meal the next morning.   i have never tasted anything quite like the wagyu beef buns and highly recommend them. the combination of wagyu beef and flavorful kimchi, surrounded by a soft, delicate bun rivaled the best cheeseburger i've had in my life. for entree i went for the tandoori grilled salmon and this also did not disappoint. the salmon was cooked perfectly and was well complimented by a tangy yogurt sauce.   the ambiance is an upscale, dimly lit presentation, perfect for a romantic date or a couples outing. the service was friendly and fairly timely.   i look forward to the next time i am back in pittsburgh area and can return, as the quality of the food is well worth the higher price-tag, and the menu provides adequate diversity.
i would prefer to leave 2.5 stars.  i ordered the kimchi pancakes and a salad i think.  the pancakes were ok, a little mushy but flavorful.  i wish i could remember the other thing, but it was better.    the kicker was when i ordered a glass of laphroaig.  when the bill comes, it is 75 dollars.  apparently the only laphroaig they have is 30 years old and no longer being produced.  and is 50 dollars a glass.  drinking scotch in pittsburgh has been fun so far.
outstanding dining experience.  RESTAURANT_NAME lounge is our favorite place for anything special.  just give us a reason, any reason to drive in from greensburg.  yes prices are higher than the average everyday restaurant, but the food is a culinary delight.  each entree and side treats your taste buds with many flavors.  the seared rare tuna is my favorite.  the filet melts in your mouth.  crispy tofu and tai corn chowder are must haves for appitizers.  don't forget to order the RESTAURANT_NAME banana split to share.  ian did an excellent job as our server.
the RESTAURANT_NAME cocktail hour their fancy way of saying happy hour is a straight-up excellent deal. delicious, complex cocktails that normally run $10-12 are $6 apiece. and they're pretty strong! as for the food, i can only comment on the appetizers. they're overall tasty, although by no means spectacular. the korean kim chi pancakes are delicious, filling, and a good option for sharing.  i've only sat in the lounge area, which somehow manages to be both sleek and comfy. when it's summertime and you get one of the seats next to the large windows facing onto ellesworth, well, it's pretty divine.
hit up RESTAURANT_NAME for valentine's day.  we were late making reservations so i stalked open table for an opening all day and finally got an opening.   the ambiance is great, though we were seated next to a patio that's closed for the season, so we had the least romantic spot in the house with views of chairs turned over on tables and a leafy concrete.  we have ordered the rock shrimp tempura before and it was really our reason for heading to RESTAURANT_NAME on valentine's day.  we joked on the way that we should just order 3 plates, but when our dish arrived this night, the batter was browned, the lemons normally insanely good were unevenly cooked, chewy and bitter instead of crispy and melt-in-your-mouth.  the shrimp were half the size they'd been the last time we'd ordered and a little chewy as well.  still worth a try because when they are good, they are crazy good.  we got the shrimp spring rolls but they were dripping with grease and just plain dull and disappointing.  the shrimp was undetectable and the vegetables soggy.  the homemade mustard and duck sauces were delicious but not enough to redeem the dish.  though we had room for dessert, we only managed to eat one egg roll between the two of us, picked at a second one and took the third home, but it found it's way into the trash.  for half the price, you'll find more satisfaction with some old school egg rolls at your run of the mill asian eatery.    the fried rice was a nice sized plate and the shrimp in this dish were cooked beautifully.  the bok choy was a great addition, but the plate did cry out a bit for a drizzle of sauce of some kind.  it was a little bit of a disappointing visit, but we'll probably give it a try again sometime.
miso black cod, thats all i have to say!  best dish!  the seared tuna is also quite tasty too.  for appetizers the grilled octopus is to die for!  seriously tasty.   great restaurant, great cocktails and all the food is amazing! don't get the chicken ramen, its very bland.
i am reserving the fifth star for when we return on our own dime and order from the menu.   went here for an alumni event with my husband.  there was open bar as well as passed hors devours.  then they had a buffet station for dinner and dessert.   RESTAURANT_NAME outdid itself.  we were about an hour late to the event, but they were still serving some hors devours.  i was able to sample a miso black cod bite in a chinese soup spoon which was a delicious bite and perfectly cooked.  i also had a glass of prosseco that my husband enjoyed as well.   then the dinner service began, which included chili garlic mashed potatoes, roasted vegetables, seared ahi tuna with korean bbq sauce, and filet mignon with a delicious sauce that i can't remember the name of.   the food was phenomenal.  the tuna and filet mignon were both stellar and cooked to rare perfection. i also enjoyed a last word cocktail with dinner which was perfectly balanced and delicious.   for dessert they brought out their chocolate pretzel stack which was delicious and so wonderful with a salty and sweet combination.  they also had what tasted like small lemon tart, but i can't find it on the menu.   overall i can't wait to return!  the service, food, and atmosphere where all fantastic!
excellent service - so so food, went there two weeks ago.  first let down from for me from the big burrito group.
my family and i dined at RESTAURANT_NAME lounge for my graduation dinner. while the ambiance and service were great and some of the dishes were delicious, many of the dishes were way too salty.  we decided to share the lobster maki and the sea scallops.  both were good and the sea scallops were cooked perfectly.  my mom chose to get the grilled baby octopus and the chopped salad.  the baby octopus was very tender, but was a bit too salty.  the chopped salad was probably one of the best dishes i tried that night because it was so light and refreshing whereas everything else was on the saltier side. i got the seared rare tuna.  the tuna portion was sizable and i loved the crunchy texture of the crust with the melt-in-your-mouth rare interior. however i thought it could have done without the korean bbq sauce. i felt like there were too many flavors that were competing with the dish when all i wanted to do was taste the tuna. the cucumber and red onion salad was delicious but i did not like the kimchi at all.  maybe it's because i'm korean and more picky with kimchi but it was just too sour, which may be perfect for stews but is not really enjoyable for eating.  the ginger fried rice that came with my meal was a complete joke. it was so salty i could not take more than 3 bites of it and there was zero ginger flavor because all you could taste was the salt. my younger sister ordered the miso black cod, which she enjoyed although she said that it was a little over seasoned.  i got a bite of it and it was flaky and good. my older sister had the striped bass that she liked as well. my dad, however, got the pork and shrimp fried rice and was really unhappy with it.  the portion was massive but it didn't need to be because he barely made a dent in it.  like my ginger fried rice, the pork and shrimp was way too salty.  our waitress was really nice but i other than checking up on the food during the appetizers, she didn't ask about our entrees. i don't think my dad felt like making a fuss about it but when she asked if he wanted his meal to go because it was basically untouched, she didn't ask if there was anything wrong with it when he said no thanks.   for dessert, my older sister got the coconut macaroon tart, which she devoured.  i chose the frozen cashew terrine, which was also really good.  the raspberry coulis way overpowered the mango, but other than that, the dessert was good.   overall, while there were good parts of the meal, i think you can't really overlook the general saltiness of many of the dishes.  i'm curious to see if it was just a fluke night and might want to go back since the restaurant was recommended by  many of my friends but there are so many other good restaurants in pittsburgh that i don't know if i will choose to dine there again any time soon.
the tuna is so amazing. i am obsessed. the kim chi side is a bit spicy for my tastes so i get it on the side. the korean bbq sauce is so good. a bit sweet and tangy. the tuna is always cooked to perfection and never chewy or fishy. tastes like a steak. so, in other words, perfect. worth the price.   the happy hour is great, too. the drinks never fail. the calamari appetizer is so good. lightly breaded, right amount of saltiness, and the dipping sauces are wonderful.   i only go on special occasions, but i'll be back!
nice place to eat great food.. but the hosted was mean! as hell rude bitch.. but fun place to meet up with friend for drinks
i've never been to RESTAURANT_NAME to eat a proper dinner. only for drinks in their old bar. i remember it being tiny and pretty unremarkable. but now... wow! it's really a beautiful space. they must have replaced the lounge and the drink menu... because now it's memorable!  we were sitting there enjoying the open air windows looking onto the street, as the slight summer breeze rolled in, trying to figure out if this was an unused space or a new building they bought. either way, the expansion is incredible!   i truly enjoyed sitting in the lounge sipping on some pretty phenomenal cocktails. i think sometimes i just assume meat and potatoes and acacia are going to be the joints were i'm going to enjoy a stellar cocktail and that's it. but how narrow minded of me? i should be equal opportunity cocktail, right?!   i loved the docksider silver rum, aperol, agave nectar, grapefruit bitters, lemon, basil. i'm super into any cocktail with grapefruit, because that equals refreshing to me, and less sweet. but what blew me away was the rebellion beet infused wigle whiskey, luxardo maraschino. i love beets, so if you don't, this may not be the drink for you... but i thought it had a light beet taste with just the right amount of whiskey. and those maraschino cherries. geez. i could eat gallons of them!  we also sampled some grub from the menu. the spicy noodles were very good, with just the right amount of spice to make my noose run a sign of good spice. i could have used a touch more veggies, as the mushrooms were very good, but i find noodle dishes never have enough veggies in them. i thought the pork rolls were okay as well as the calamari, but really dug the yellowtail sashimi. fresh and delicious. like it should be!   i want to try every single drink. so let's begin...
i've been to RESTAURANT_NAME lounge before, three times before actually, and all three times i had a good meal, but my last visit was so unfortunately and unequivocally terrible that it felt necessary to share the details of our meal.   for appetizer, we had the kimchi pancakes, which were not fully cooked. they were doughy and sticky, and when we informed out waiter, he agreed with us that it was not fully cooked, but made no move to return the dish to the kitchen until we requested that it be at the very least warmed up to a degree in which it was actually edible.   i had the sea bass, which was mediocre and somehow different from the other wonderful times i had ordered this delightful dish - it lacked the explosively delicious flavors. the curry that was ordered was the worst - completely and wholly not recommended. the rice was tough probably not fully cooked once again, and the spices were arbitrary to the chicken itself, as though they were thrown in after the chicken was already cooked.   given the price of RESTAURANT_NAME dishes, the bill certainly took a plunge into our wallets, but sadly with no degree of satisfaction for our taste buds or stomachs.
i was pretty excited to try RESTAURANT_NAME lounge for the first time - as a fan of the big burrito group, i couldn't pass on the opportunity. as soon as we entered we were asked if we wanted to sit at a table on the right, or at the bar. if want a lounge experience, i highly suggest going to the bar which has couches as well as bar seats better for groups, if you want an intimate conversation 2-4 people, i suggest being seated to the right.  food: we ordered the crispy tofu and mushroom & spinach dumplings for appetizers, the grilled salmon and spicy basil noodles for entrees, and shared the chocolate maki for dessert.  crispy tofu: must eat for vegetarians or meat eaters. cooked perfectly, with a tangy sauce  mushroom & spinach dumplings: a little smaller than expected, but the red pepper dipping sauce did it in for us. the combination of flavors was great.  spicy basil noodles: seems pretty conventional to order here, but the waitress said that it was a "signature dish." pretty standard if you ask me, but nothing to complain about.  chocolate maki: we were excited for this, but unfortunately a tad disappointed. the pistachio cream and nuts were a great touch for the mousse, but the pistachio crepe had an awkward, rubbery taste to it.  drinks: the management and staff have differing opinions on weather or not you can bring a drink from the bar to your table. to clarify: you can. go ahead and order a drink at the bar very good cocktails/martinis and walk over to your table. if you're a gin drinker, i highly recommend the bee keeper my favorite and gin blossom. the bartenders aren't shy with alcohol, so keep that in mind.  atmosphere & service: the waitress was super helpful, and the atmosphere provided a good medium for a great conversation. overall, great restaurant, but a little on the pricier side.
love love love this place. they did an amazing job. favorite place for happy hour.
amazing ambiance. very good food. sat outside on the upstairs deck. it was raining and they had the deck covered with the awnings and it was sooooo peaceful. absolutely love this place.
i love coming to RESTAURANT_NAME -- everything i have ever had here has been wonderful, from happy hour cocktails and appetizers to full course meals. i can never pass up the crispy tofu which is also great at mad mex -- it's the perfect balance of sweet and tart. for dinner, i realize the menu changes all the time, but if you ever come across it, i highly recommend the butternut squash soup as a starter. it's delicious! it's filling on its own almost, but naturally i followed it with one of the noodle bowls with chicken, which was just spicy enough with flavorful chicken and vegetables.  the curry dishes are excellent, too. RESTAURANT_NAME service has always been friendly and attentive, and i love the dimly lit atmosphere and decor, particularly the waterfall wall. meals are on the pricer side, but it's a nice night out, so it makes up for it appetizers are around $12, meals are around $18-38 each.  they have excellent cocktails for happy hour, too, even if they are a bit on the pricey side $10-13. RESTAURANT_NAME has great ambience for happy hour, too -- comfy seats and plenty of room for chatting. whether you come here for a drink or a meal, it's always a pleasant experience.
i really like happy hour here. friday gets packed and the happy hour drinks are to dye for. the food i'd over the top. you must try. dress stylish for it is a funky upbeat feeling to the place. hope to see you there.
we made an 8:30 reservation at 8:15, and were seated as soon as we arrived. we asked to be seated in the lounge/bar area and they did it without a problem.  cocktails: nicely done, stiff but not too strong. not memorable, but not disappointing.   food: incredible!! absolutely get the calamari; the mint cilantro combination feels like flavor bursts in your mouth. the korean bbq ribs were so tender and fell right off the bone. the tuna tartare is nothing special, but still pretty tasty. the lettuce pork appetizer dish was also incredible. they were also really accommodating of allergies, which is always appreciated.   service: the hostesses were very polite, but the wait staff was really slow. i'm guessing they need more in the area.
i've been to RESTAURANT_NAME a couple times now, and both times the food has been quite amazing.  i got a ramen dish last time that was amazingly spicy - in a good, sinus-clearing, make-you-think-about-what-you-just-done-boy sort of way.  the interior decor is quite beautiful and relaxing and swank. presentation is quite nice too well, soup can only get so pretty. i found the wait staff to be a little on the smug and unfriendly side, though. it isn't very clear how they separate the bar service from the seated tables, or where you're supposed to sit down, or how their whole system works. none of the staff seemed overly ambitious or excited to invite some new customers in.  i couldn't tell if they just are unhappy in their jobs or if they think they're top shit and should treat their clients like they don't belong, or what the deal was.  perhaps it was just one experience. i'll be back to try it again - because the food is worth it.
ambience was beautiful but main dishes were not as good as appetizers. rice was incredibly salty, and the duck was "recommended" to be cooked medium rare, however it was terribly rubbery and fatty. the sauce was good though. it took 45 minutes for us to get our check.   go for drinks, not for meal
RESTAURANT_NAME is usually my pick to use my free entree coupon from the big burrito restaurant group and there's a reason i keep going back. it's fantastic! it's a bit pricey, but not stuffy or pretentious at all. their food menu changes daily and takes advantage of local and seasonal ingredients, but if they ever get rid of the chocolate pretzel stack desert, they might have a mutiny on their hands! their recent remodel really opened up the space, yet it still feels very cozy. the servers are always friendly and attentive and i've never had a bad experience here. definitely a great "special occasion" or romantic restaurant.
excellent food. they did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank!
i love the ambience here, and the fact that it is so close to my house is a definite plus! although, it is dangerous to be so close to one of my favorite spots in the city. the tuna is my absolute favorite entree, hands down. the korean barbecue sauce on the tuna has the perfect amount of acid and heat, and the sesame crust adds just the right amount of crunch for texture. it is served with ginger fried rice and kimchi, and both are always delicious.  to start, try the lobster maki and the korean bbq ribs. the octopus starter is also fantastic if you are feeling adventurous. i am obsessed with the chopped salad. i could eat this daily-no joke. the combination of daikon and mango with mint and cashews is absolutely perfect. i absolutely love love love this salad.  if you venture upstairs to umi in your future eating adventures, rest assured that umi's dessert menu features all RESTAURANT_NAME desserts. they always have a seasonal shortcake-my favorite is the plum. and the chocolate pretzel stack is pretty spectacular, despite the fact that i'm not really a chocolate person.   the only person in my party who wasn't blown away by their food the last time i was here ordered the vegetarian curry option. it was just okay due to its lack of complexity and flavor. but, unless you are a vegetarian, you really can't go wrong with any of the other entrees. enjoy!
i been to RESTAURANT_NAME a few times and i love the food.  the appetizers are particularly wonderful, so this last time i ordered 3 appetizers, then split an entree.  yeah, that works.  the mussels are very flavorful: blue bay mussels, thai sausage, basil, and szechuan peppercorn.  i can also recommend the filet mignon, which is prepared with chili garlic mashed potatoes, wild mushrooms, garlic soy,  and pea shoots.  delicious.  i think the service could tighten up a bit, and i wish the hostess would be a little more welcoming, but on the whole, the service was good.
RESTAURANT_NAME is great! the food is delicious, and sometimes positively surprising. for example, their mashed potatoes have an asian twist to them and are a little bit spicy! i like the atmosphere, interior and the service has always been great.
not my cup of tea. i did not like my tuna entree, despite it being somewhere around $35.   i do enjoy their cocktails, and like to come to the bar for happy hour.
ambiance was perfect for a date night. not too loud not too quiet. our waitress was nice and very helpful in suggesting appetizers and cocktails. "offer you can't refuse" cocktail was delicious!  food was great too but i'm giving RESTAURANT_NAME 4 stars because nothing was super memorable. i'll definitely go back, but not because i'm craving something i ate.
went to RESTAURANT_NAME to celebrate my sons birthday. quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price. we have eaten there several times in the past but not sure that we will be going back anytime soon.
i came here around 9:30 pm on a friday and had a reservation even though there appeared to be some open tables. the drinks are worth it, especially the offer you can't refuse drink-i had two. the food is alright. i had the pork and shrimp fried rice. i've definitely had better thai food in other restaurants at a much lower price..but come for the atmosphere, i suppose.
my boyfriend and i went here for a nice birthday dinner. i thought it would have mire japanese options on the menu being named RESTAURANT_NAME.   i ordered the black truffle-potato samosa which was not bad.   i also had the chopped salad which i suprisingly really enjoyed despite it being iceburgh lettuce which is definitely not what i use for a good salad. i wish they didn't put fried batter all over it though.   last i had the vegetarian curry dish, the only vegetarian main i found. it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice! no delicious fragrant jasmine rice....also deep fried the naan, didn't enjoy that. the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall.   we were put at a table in the very corner of the third floor and all i had to stare at was a wall and an ugly floating tv hutch. it was very cold.  we were the first people in the restaurant but took forever to get served. everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor.   needless to say i was extremely disappointed. i heard umi is also one of their restaurants and i loved it so i thought this one may have been just as good. it was not enjoyable.   also the valet took forever though it's a tiny parking lot right outside the front door and the booth was freezing despite a heater hanging way too high and no door. heat rises....i thought most people knew this.
i had dinner and drinks with a group of 7 just before thanksgiving.  RESTAURANT_NAME was one of the few places in the area that was able to accomodate a friday night reservation for that many people in a short time, so that was great.  the drinks are good, and the wine list is decent.  we were there at happy hour time, but you have to go to the bar yourself for the happy hour offerings and prices, which was a little annoying but not a big deal.  however, my husband ordered the manhattan off of the happy hour menu, but the bartender made him the regular one, which was twice the price, even though he pointed to the hh one.  not sure where the miscommunication was there, but then the bartender did not offer to remake or take back the incorrect drink.  again, not a huge issue, just a little grievance.  overall the food was just ok, i did not find it specatcular to warrant 5 stars.  casbah is still our go-to restaurant in the big burrito group, but RESTAURANT_NAME is nice for a change.
i stopped by here last night with my fiance and parents for dinner.  it had been awhile since the last time that i had visited RESTAURANT_NAME and it was nice to see that they had renovated the restaurant.  i have always found RESTAURANT_NAME to be a pretty cool place and these renovations have only helped.  one of the most distinct parts of the restaurant is a wall in the dining room that has water coming down it giving it a  waterfall-esque feel.  beyond that there are three levels of dining which is pretty unique for pittsburgh restaurants.  on this day we were seated on the second floor although i have eaten on all of them before.   finally the bar section of the restaurant is also pretty cool with a nice bar and then the surrounding tables seated down pretty low to the floor which is probably to give it an asian feel.  for dinner my fiance and i decided to start off the evening with the crispy tofu.  this is one of my favorite appetizers in pittsburgh and it once again delivered.  i don't know how they get the tofu so crispy on the outside and yet still somewhat silky on the inside but they do consistently.  the dish is covered with a wonderful lemongrass sauce and garnished with some peanuts, scallions and jalepenos with the jalepenos being a new addition since the last time that i had tried it.  while i thought that the jalepenos added quite a bit to the dish, my mother, who normally doesn't handle any spice very well, did not and ended up with her mouth on fire.  for my entree i decided to go with the dolsot bi bim bap while my fiance went with the pad thai.  if you have never ordered dolsot bibimbap, the dish is served in an hot stone bowl with all of the ingredients on top of the rice and the rice against the bottom of the bowl which makes the rice crispy.  this version of bibimbap came with beef tips, poached egg, pickled shiitake, cucumber kim chi, mung bean sprouts, scallion, nori and goju jang.  while i enjoyed the general flavoring of my dish with everything mixed together, i was not too happy with a couple pieces of meat that were in my dish.  they were hard and if i had to guess, they had some tendon in them which is not what you are looking for whenever you are eating pre-cut beef tips.  beyond my dish i was also able to try some of my fiances pad thai, specifically some shrimp from it.  it had some fabulous flavor with the slight natural sweetness of the shrimp combining with the taste of grilling.  the bottom line for me is that i will definitely head back to RESTAURANT_NAME again in the future.  while this visit was not the best due to the beef tips hence the four stars instead of the five stars i would have given on all previous visits, everything that i had still tasted good and i still think that RESTAURANT_NAME is in my top 5 list for restaurants in pittsburgh.
my husband and i went here recently to celebrate his birthday. we decided on the crispy tofu and the four-course tasting menu they were offering for the chinese new year. every single course, from the dumplings to the dessert was delicious. our server was very polite and knowledgable as we're the food runners. we will definitely be back.
amazing food, lovely atmosphere. lot of the menu changes seasonally. we probably come here twice a month. i try to avoid ordering the same thing over an over the fillet mignon is just outstanding, and i have never been disappointed.  it's a bit on the pricey side, but i think it's worth it for a date or even a group night out.  the upstairs covered patio area is great in the summer time.
it's beautiful and dark inside, each corner has something interesting to look at or a different texture.  it's a lot to take in before you even open the menu.  we started with drinks old fashioned cider for me - a little cider wouldn't have killed you on this - i didn't order a cup of bourbon over ice and a beer for the husband.  i also tried a sangria, but it was more kool-aid than wine.   onto the food!  we started with three things - tuna maki, rock shrimp tempura the crab-corn chowder.  each was absolutely amazing!  the tuna was super flavorful, the rock shrimp was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the chowder.  wow.  i really want to go back and just bathe in the chowder.  it was spicy and crabby and super thick.  more like a corn milkshake.  delish!  i had the seafood hot pot and j had the pad thai.  the pad thai was perfection.  my hot pot left me a little confused.  it sounded like soup, but came out in a weird bowl with like a thick mixture on the bottom not resembling soup broth.  the mussels were good, but small.  the scallops were amazing.  the fish cake was also very flavorful and not at all fishy, like i had had in prior fish cakes.  it wasn't that any distinct part wasn't good, it just wasn't what i was expecting.
after reviewing some of the top restaurants in pittsburgh i decided that this would be a great place to celebrate our anniversary. i had fairly high expectations and i can honestly say that they were all met! on open table i requested a quiet table and the request was honored, which is always a huge plus. our waiter was very helpful and friendly, even when i asked to exchange my cocktail since i thought the one i ordered was a  bit sour. fortunately the second cocktail made with honey and gin was amazing!  for an appetizer we shared the hamachi sashimi and it was perfectly delicious. for our entree we shared the ahi tuna and it was very fresh and well-seasoned. the korean barbecue sauce served over the tuna was on the spicy side, but not too much so, the ginger fried rice and kim chi served alongside were also very good. for our dessert we shared the chocolate maki and wow, it was amazing! this is definitely a must if you visit this restaurant! it's incredibly decadent and certainly large enough to share. taste aside, the presentation makes it worth trying: in place of ginger they serve freshly grated melon and what looks just like wasabi is actually whipped pistachio cream.   i'd definitely visit this restaurant again!
the vietnamese short rib was amazing, the hotteok will change your life.  excellent atmosphere and experience all around.  get a desert!
RESTAURANT_NAME had become one of our regular spots for big family dinners. most recently we came for my sisters birthday. i was able to get reservations for 7 at the last minute for saturday night. we had a long table next to the waterfall on the first floor. it was a high top so it wasn't the most comfortable but for a last minute reservation it worked.  we started with the calamari which was delicious and then dived right into entrees. i had what i always get- the seared tuna. it's crusted with sesame seeds and comes with rice, bbq sauce, kim chee, and pickled vegetable. it's so delicious i never get anything else. i had bits of my moms duck which was also delicious and the boyfriends sea bass was amaze!   we did not stay for dessert at this visit but in the past i have enjoyed the ice cream with cashew dessert. RESTAURANT_NAME is really so good. and it looks to beautiful.
my favorite place in pittsburgh! the crispy  tofu there is so amazing! my next best dish is the thakkali curry.. the drinks specially the asian plum sangria is fantastic.. love the ambience! it's like a place in new york. good veggie options.
i'm a bit of a regular here. i'd like to give it 5 stars, but almost every time i go my friends and i get frustrated with the service, so i had to knock it down to 4 stars. the servers are extremely inattentive.  we always sit in the bar/lounge area, which is beautifully decorated and has quite a fresh, relaxing vibe.  the drinks and food are excellent -- i've only had 1 slightly bad food experience here out of probably 15 visits. during happy hour, drinks are cheaper and we always get a few apps to share. the food is really outstanding, full of flavors and very unique for pittsburgh. i love it! go!
amazing! we had such a sublime experience here.  service was wonderful, efficient, not fussy or intrusive.  the food?  awesome!  we started with the crispy calamari and the crystal dumplings ? or whatever they were called.  both were delicious.  john had the bibimbap and i had the duck, which we both agreed was the best duck we'd ever had.  just perfect.  we're not big on desserts, but it was a special occasion, so we splurged.  john had the terrine and i had the ice cream sandwich, both very nice endings to a fantastic meal.  can't wait to go again!
i really love RESTAURANT_NAME!  RESTAURANT_NAME has been around forever...possibly 20 years?  it's been one of my favorite dining spots in town for a long time.  it's at least 15 yrs old bc i had my 21st birthday dinner there.    i recommend you make reservations before dining here, and you can do it electronically through their website, its really easy.  before your dinner i urge you to have cocktails in their bar.  its a lovely space, in fact i've come here just for cocktails.  the restaurant itself has a really cool vibe to it.  asian fusion meets dark wood?  i dont know how to explain it, but its a beautiful restaurant perfect for a romantic dinner, dinner w/ girlfriends, or even a business meeting.  i like to sit out on the covered patio.  in fact the last time i was there, it poured rain and it was actually kind of romantic and cool to hear the rain.    but anyway the food...the food...  you're not going to leave stuffed but you will leave happy.  i love thier crispy tofu appetizer and miss it when i haven't had it in awhile the way some people miss their ex's.  i usually order the pad thai when here, it is delicious and balanced and not too salty.  if they have scallops on the menu, get those.  they're fantastic.  i dont like chocolate, ever, at all--but their chocolate maki dessert is to die for.  RESTAURANT_NAME is not cheap, but i do think it's completely reasonable.  they've got a great wine list and the service is always great.
RESTAURANT_NAME is one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh. it is your standard asian fusion fare.  i have a strategy i enjoy. i make a reservation on opentable set for right after happy hour.  the cocktails are excellent. the happy hour specials make it a great time. the bar is very nice.  the cocktail specials are balanced. hard drinkers can get a strong drink, lighter drinkers can get a sweet drink. everyone wins.  given the special, i'm willing to take risks and try anything.  after happy hour, it is off to dinner.  the food is great. i particularly enjoy the fried rice, ramen, tuna, and the special courses.  my most recent visit was during the water festival. my meal was amazing.  finally is the desert. the chocolate maki is absolutely amazing.  overall, the drinks are great, the food is great, and the ambience is great.
my worst dining experience while working in pittsburgh. up until tonight i've thought "these are the nicest people i've met" more than any other city i've worked in recently. RESTAURANT_NAME's staff has cured me of that. food was good not great and my server acted as though my table of one was a bother even though i spent 60 bucks and ate within an hour with a 20 tip. my co workers were interested in checking this place out before we all head back to los angeles but i'll let them all know it's not worth a visit. pittsburgh has some great restaurants but this is not one of them.
food is very good, not outstanding and they are  pretentious. they seem to be very new york like in terms of seating trendy looking people in the front and parking the bentley's ou front with lots of orange cones.   one of the six of us got the wrong dish, but she ate it. turns out to have been the best dish.
we have been regulars at RESTAURANT_NAME for years, sharing a few appetizers at the bar-lounge on a quiet evening and enjoying the food. last night was different. for the very first time the food was awful.  a scallion pancake replaced the kimchee pancake. the chef, who we learned was new, obviously had no idea that a pancake is the glue that holds a tasty morsel together. this was pure glue, tasteless and sticky. where was the content, the taste, the flavor? the lump-crab egg roll was worthy of a corner take-out chinese eatery, oily mostly. a pulled pork appetizer was passable, nowhere near the dish it replaced. find a new chef quickly. john e. raffie.
food ordered:  drinks - rhubarb fizz, flying dog porter appetizers - potstickers and lettuce wraps entrees - dolsot bi bim bap and vietnamese beef noodles  for $12, the rhubarb fizz was underwhelming, over-iced, overly bittered. flying dog porter is a great beer. the potstickers were ok, but tiny, while the lettuce wraps were the star of the entire dinner. vietnamese beef noodles were bland and flavorless. the menu lists them as including jalapeno, but there was no heat whatsoever. as for the bi bim bap, i've had this a few times at korean restaurants, and it was very... different. they essentially took the appetizers and side dishes and tossed them in the pot. the kim chi and pickled shiitake just didn't belong in the dish, and brought a very off flavor to the entire things. it took a full dousing of the goju jang for the dish to be eatable. very very disappointing.  service was ok. they asked how the meal was too many times, yet after 15 minutes i had to flag down a waiter just for them to take my card so we could pay and leave.  it was my wife's birthday, and we took advantage of big burrito's great free entree promotion, but even with $23 worth of vietnamese beef noodles taken off the check, i still felt completely ripped off paying $80 for the rest of the meal and a tip. i'd much rather go to noodlehead and pay $20 for a much better meal next time.
just had dinner at RESTAURANT_NAME with the girlfriend and two friends.  it was a disappointment from top to bottom as we were excited for a very good asian infused dinner but instead experienced an average at best night out.    at first we were greeted instantly by our server and things started off fine.  however once we placed our drinks it took the staff, i kid you not 25 minutes to make and bring 4 drinks. they would have never been brought if the manager didnt approach the table and ask if everything was ok.  after he finally brought them with the time in mind he did comp our round which was a nice gesture.  the appetizers, which mind you were brought out before the drinks, without any staff paying attention that fact.  apps were the best part of the meal.  korean bbq ribs, were dry and really needed the extra bbq sauce to make the rib succulent and still the flavor wasn't anything to write home about. the rock shrimp was excellent, very light batter, fantastic lightly spicy sauce and spiced well. same shrimp as umi.  the softshell crab was pretty good, the heirloom tomatoes and avocado added a nice touch and the crab was prepared perfectly, soft and a good crisp crunch.   what really hurt this experience were the entrees. i had ordered the double cut pork chop and ordered it cooked t o the chefs suggestion in preparation when it came out, it was a tough pork chop, noticeable without even cutting into it.  i dealt with it and continued to eat it but overall a tough and dry dish.  the accompaniments such as snap peas, lotus root and mushrooms just seemed very thrown together, and didnt add anything to the taste of the dish, did not mesh well. my friend ordered the roasted chicken which was a variation of a chicken ramen soup.  for $22 a ramen entree should be out of this world and it was far from that, and it was work to get the dish into ready condition to be consumed. the girls ordered shareable sushi offerings and found them to be just ok nothing greater than they have had at good sushi restaurants.    the service was lacking all around our meal.  apparently it was "jam on walnut st festival" which meant that many checked out the RESTAURANT_NAME bar for drinks.  however when i went to the restroom and passed by it looked like a normal bar scene to me.  not only did our beverages take 25 minutes to arrive.  the waiter never checked up on us after app or entree until we were obviously ready for the table to cleared and when i was served my pork chop i still was left with a butterknife to cut this tough piece of meat.  had to ask server for a steak knife, which was clearly meant to be served with this dish.  when the girls got their shareable entrees the dumpings they ordered were replaced by shittake mushroom dumplings when they ordered shrimp.    the ambience of the restaurant is nice but some of our party had trouble seeing as it is extremely dim all around making it tough to read and even see your dish.  there was a lot of cell phones out at tables around us for flash light usage.  i wouldn't return to RESTAURANT_NAME it just does not offer enough for me to justify the cost and it looks like right now they are having trouble serving dinner on a saturday night.
i am new to yelp - even though i haven't been to RESTAURANT_NAME in awhile it is my absolute favorite place to go for a nicer meal in pittsburgh.  if i ever have the choice - the seared ahi tuna with bbq would be my last meal on earth.  the atmosphere, the service, the food, the drinks pickle martini!, everything is always on point.  i highly recommend RESTAURANT_NAME!
i'm the first person to stick my nose up at asian fusion, but hot dang, i had a wonderful meal here.   hamachi sashimi appetizer - delectable! raw fish paired with avocado and an interesting garlic sauce for a bit of salt. yum yum yum.   korean barbecue ribs - fall off the bone. unbelievably tender.   seared rare tuna - almost 2 inches thick, and totally rare on the inside, with a crust of sesame seeds. brilliant idea. kimchi on the side for a flavor punch, and ginger fried rice was tasty too.   ambiance was contemporary, intimate, and cozy. dark lighting sets the mood for a date, but i came here with family and still loved it. upstairs patio was a bit muggy in the summer, but has nice views.
phenomenal sushi! high quality and well worth the price. would come again in a heartbeat.
i've been to RESTAURANT_NAME numerous times, mostly for drinks at their lovely bar, but most recently i enjoyed dinner with two australians that were visiting for the weekend. we sat in the upstairs area which is just as sexy as the rest of the restaurant. i enjoyed a glass of tempranillo, my guests enjoyed a carafe of sake. i strongly believe their wine prices lean toward the higher end, but it's shadyside and i wouldn't expect anything different. i'm a fan of mussels, although i have yet to have better mussels than those served at nearby point brugges. the mussels at RESTAURANT_NAME were on the smaller side, although there were plenty in the bowl. the broth was good, although it was difficult to soak it up with the yummy pita that they served on the side. my guests both enjoyed their meals. we finished the evening up with a creme brulee. it was quite delicious although there was a very small piece of hard plastic that we found. we brought this to the servers attention. we greatly appreciated the dessert being removed from the bill, including our drinks. despite this fluke, i will be back and will continue to support this restaurant.
food was okay. service okay. a bit expensive for the quality of food served. thai corn soup jumbo crab??? good lucking finding a piece of crab meat.  pad thai at a fusion place? not good at all...better go to a real thai restaurant for pad thai. tandoori salmon was average. i still don't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm.  a cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda?  why weren't their any ice in the glass? who drinks sodas at room temperature. this restaurant maybe was trying to be too fancy and forgot the basics of ice.  maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas. overall it is okay, but not justified by the price.
consistently outstanding and creative food served professionally in a great and even varied ambiance. what more could you ask for? oh yes, excellent wine list and drinks.
had the famous "birthday coupon" and decided to make it worth the free entree. this place has been on my list for a while, and i was finally able to convince my husband make the trip for date night.   the only seating available without a reservation was at the bar, which is never a problem for us. we were two of the only three people there, and it was really quiet, so perfect!  we were greeted by the bartender who was very knowledgeable and friendly. he provided us with drink menus and gave us an ample amount of time to decide.   we started with the hamachi sashimi, which was a brilliant blend of pomegranate, pear, and avocado with amber jack tuna. a spicy little sauce was plated along with it, and the mix was really tasty. beautiful presentation as well.   my main course was the thaikkal curry, which was a fun, educational dish for me. first, the eggplant was fire-grilled, which blended so well with the curry sauce. it was plated with bean sprouts and slices of fresh mango, which i had never thought to pair with a curry. the roti was fried, which i didn't prefer.   my husband ordered the seafood hot pot. quite a full portion of seafood with a side of rice, this vast array of shellfish went down quick. his comment was "it's big burrito salty."  really savory food and pleasant service in an atmosphere drowned in massive attack. that's RESTAURANT_NAME.
one of my all time favorite restaurants. has gone through a couple of face lifts with the most recent being the best. the bar side, where i go almost every time is much more comfortable and cooler than before.   the drinks. i think they have a pretty decent cocktail and wine list. they are very well made and although expensive, pretty generous. really like laura the bartender. she is solid. the beers on tap are minimal and pretty safe bets with a few more to chose from by the bottle, but not a beer snob mecca.   the food. i really enjoy places that spotlight small plates allowing you to try many things. i can't remember a small plate i did not like and can remember a few i wish would come back.....uhhh soft shells...  usuall don't go for an entree but my wife and i split the filet one unadventurous night and it was delicious and very cleverly done.   it is expensive but very high quality and it's a great place to come alone, as a couple or a group. one of bb's gems.
i went to pittsburgh for the first time to visit my friend and we were trying to choose a restaurant for dinner.  like i do when i visit any new city, i researched the best restaurants in the city based on yelp, food websites and word of mouth.  my friend and i came across RESTAURANT_NAME as a highly regarded restaurant.  friends who live in pittsburgh mentioned that RESTAURANT_NAME was a great choice.  the interior of RESTAURANT_NAME reminded me of a restaurant in nyc.  the inside looks very modern with a lot of wood and glass material and is spacious with multiple floors.  there is complimentary valet parking at RESTAURANT_NAME which makes parking easy.    we chose the crispy calamari as an appetizer and shared the thakkali curry and pad thai for the entrees.  the crispy calamari was okay - similar to crispy calamari i had at other restaurants.  the thakkali curry was very salty and there was not enough liquid to balance out all the vegetables.  we had trouble eating the curry as the sauce was very pungent.  the pad thai was nothing spectacular - definitely had better in nyc and philadelphia.  the portion sizes of all the food that we ordered were very generous.  i did not appreciate the lighting in the restaurant as it was very dark and i could barely read the menu or tell what was in my food.  unfortunately, we may have ordered the wrong food as we heard such great reviews about RESTAURANT_NAME.
i've had many great experience at RESTAURANT_NAME, but our most recent visit didn't quite match the rest.  the service was great, as usual, but we had a few misses with the food.  we started off with the spicy pork lettuce wraps, which were delicious last time!  this time, soooo salty.  omg.  it was as if someone had spilled salt into the bowl.  granted, it wasn't enough to be completely inedible, but it did sort of ruin the dish.  for the main course, i had my usual bi bim bap and my wife had her usual tuna.  her tuna was done perfectly.  they seem to have this nailed.  my bi bim bap was hot, but lacked any of the crispy, slightly dry rice around the outsides of the bowl.  it was all just regular-old, glutinous, freshly steamed rice.  for bi bim bap lovers, you know that the little added crunch and texture of that crusty rice really makes the dish!  we had an early reservation so we could make an early show.  my guess is that the kitchen hadn't quite "gotten up to speed" for the dinner rush yet.  oh well.  i would still whole-heartedly recommend RESTAURANT_NAME, but this time was a miss.
definitely one of the better and more upscale modern asian restaurants in pittsburgh excluding thai food- so many good options. this was my first time at RESTAURANT_NAME after spending many visits at umi. i would argue that umi is the better sibling with excellent sushi options with a hefty price tag but RESTAURANT_NAME is a bit more approachable to the person who is less familiar with or doesn't want sushi. in all, it's a good place for a date with a desire for reasonable and modern asian fusion.   ambience: trendy, dimly lit and very clean decor. it suits the cuisine and is well set for small groups or a date. not too loud but certainly not dead either. i loved the bar area- has a mix of bar and casual couch/lovechair seating that's well suited for a date or small group. based on the clientele and set up, i'd lean towards trendy attire if you come here- not a casual place by any means.   food: thai corn chowder- so good and very rich. i would return just for that dish. for an entree, i had the seared rare tuna. they definitely didn't skimp on my portion of tuna and cooked it well. granted tuna is a bit bland, i was hoping for more seasoning and oomph from the korean barbecue sauce. the ginger fried rice made up for any disappointment i had with the tuna. for dessert, the chocolate pretzel stack was fantastic- perfect mix of chocolate, sweet caramel and the salty wonton chip.   drinks: the old fashioned was well-executed. went back for a second. can't speak for any of their other cocktails.
amazing two fish tempura fat roll...one of the best things i've tasted, seriously. excellent thai corn chowder. incredible black cod. this place does asian fusion well!
this review is more general as opposed to a single visit, and applies to RESTAURANT_NAME post renovation.   going here, the more expensive price is expected, and honestly worth it. i don't mind paying more money when the food is delicious, the service great on all levels, and the ambiance enjoyable. RESTAURANT_NAME achieves all three with flying colors. the first time i came with a large group and sat in the main dining area, and we were accommodated very well with fast flawless service. we ordered a variety of dishes and i can't say i disliked any. i normally hate tofu, but i even enjoyed the fried tofu dish. i've come back twice since then, to eat in the bar area. whether the place was crowded or less busy, there was no variation in the high quality of food and the speed and friendliness of service, a rare accomplishment.   my advice for people coming here is to order a bunch of appetizers to share. the variety of flavors and foods is remarkable and it gives you a chance to experience the diversity this kitchen is capable of without investing a lot in one dish. that isn't to say that the entrees aren't also amazing, but this will help you have an idea of what you like best here and pick entrees that suit your tastes. but don't forget to make space for dessert. their drink menu is also quite extensive, especially their offerings of a variety of sake to suit any dish or preference ranging from a standard carafe of warm sake to some limited edition bottles.   if you're in the mood for asian food and want some great fusion cuisine, this is the place to go. it's also a great place for a date or happy hour with colleagues/clients. happy eating!
i've been here twice and am a huge fan. asian fusion places are always tricky to master, but RESTAURANT_NAME has never failed to impress me. the main courses and desserts are delicious, beautiful, and have a nice spin on them without being too exotic or extreme. i can see both an asian and western flair in a variety of dishes, which is right up my ally. however, the two occasions i've been there, i find that the appetizers aren't as great as the main courses. the lobster tacos and the dumplings were bland and weren't seasoned well. i could definitely see having a bit more salt on the tacos and less of the mayo as a couple improvements, but the tacos were still delicious. the dumplings didn't have any taste and the dumpling itself was much too starchy than i was used to, but this is just a personal preference. overall, i can definitely say that RESTAURANT_NAME has great main dishes and desserts and i'm hoping i can find that golden appetizer next time i come here.
i love, love, love their pad thai! my boyfriend had bi bam bap which he loved as well. we shared the tuna tartar for an appetizer then finished with the chocolate pretzel stack! all in all, it was a delicious meal which is why i give it 4 stars.   the service was good, but nothing out of this world.   unfortunately due to its ambiance and set up, our table was next to an obnoxiously loud table which caused us to not hang out and drink anymore cocktails. a little more space between tables would be nice, but it's not stoping me from going back.  well done, big burrito!
went to RESTAURANT_NAME for an anniversary dinner since we wanted to try something new and trendy. the interior which i hear was renovated was just that - nyc style trendy and the ambience was romantic. i had requested a seat overlooking the waterfall when i made the reservation which they said they could accommodate on the mezzanine but when we got there, they said it was closed. so we sat in the side room - not a huge deal.  we had the korean bbq appetizer, which was delicious! it felt kind of funny eating with my hands whilst in such a nice restaurant wearing a pretty dress, but i would totally get these again. *mouth waters*  for entrees i got the chicken ramen soup bowl which had a lot of chicken in it pleasant surprise! and was nice and hot. i added a little of the hot chutneys to it : bf got the bim bam bop which he said was so-so. he asked for the egg on the side, but they plopped it in the middle. i'll have to say the service was so-so.  nice for a special occasion and with 2 $10 off entree holiday coupons it didn't break the bank.
i have always enjoyed going to RESTAURANT_NAME but the atmosphere is even more inviting and enjoyable now that they have renovated and expanded the restaurant.  it is still a bit pretentious more so than any of the other restaurants in the big burrito group, but i'm willing to overlook that because the food is so fantastic.  they always have a decent wine list, though on my most recent visit my friend and i were disappointed that they did not have a reisling available by the glass.  she opted for the louis latour pinot noir and i opted for the amber cider which was delicious.  we shared the lobster roll which was fantastic though i have noticed that the size of the individual rolls are now almost half the size they were from about 2-3 years ago however they are still absolutely delicious.  for dinner we both ordered the pad thai which is always delicious choice particularly if you love pad thai - i've never had a bad dish of it here at RESTAURANT_NAME.  if you love spicy food be sure to ask them to bring the spice trio of chili sauces with your meal.  some of my other favorite items on the menu are: the crispy tofu - many times when i've dined alone in the lounge area i've ordered the crispy tofu and the seaweed salad - it's a nice light dinner option and probably the best tofu that i've eaten at a restaurant - great option for vegetarians.  the corn chowder has a bit of a kick to it, is full of complex flavors and the crab is always tender and fresh.  the korean bbq ribs literally melt in your mouth - my sister-in-law is korean and makes the family korean bbq when her and my brother visit from california and it's always delicious, but RESTAURANT_NAME's korean bbq ribs blow my sister-in-law's out of the water - they will make your mouth water.  if you like steak, then the filet mignon with the chili garlic mashed potatoes will have you in heaven.  i only eat beef a handful of times each year and typically it is on my birthday when i indulge in RESTAURANT_NAME's filet or on occasion when i'm at eleven and order the eleven burger.  the duck is also spectacular and i would highly recommend it as well.  you honestly cannot go wrong with almost anything on their menu.  the food is consistently fresh and delicious!  i will definitely return to RESTAURANT_NAME time and again.
food was pretty good as were the drinks. didn't get out table until almost 30 min after our reservation. now, for our waiter... saw him twice, first to take out order and second well after we were finished to grab the bill. hopefully we have a different server next time.
food is way over priced. lobster tacos.... $14 for 2 tacos put together equalled 4 inches lol.... sushi was very good tho..... mule drinks $12 for 4oz .... this place is a rip off.... $80 for 2 people and had to go somewhere else to eat afterwards because we were still hungry. this is a show off place at best. show off how much money you can waste in a night .
RESTAURANT_NAME is beautiful, simply stunning. this time i sat solo at the bar for happy hour. you really can't beat $6 glasses of wine and cocktails. the thai mule cocktail was so refreshing and smelled exactly like a delicious fragrant thai dish. please keep this cocktail on the menu for summer....this is the perfect summertime drink. even though it is 15 degrees out, i'll continue to drink at RESTAURANT_NAME in the winter and let them transport me away to somewhere warmer :
after hearing so  much about RESTAURANT_NAME over the years, i knew it had to be my february destination for my new year's resolution: one pittsburgh restaurant each month that i've never been to!   my 3 girlfriends and i made a reservation for shortly after they opened for the evening, so the space was nice and quiet for the majority of our dining experience.  i ordered a glass of chardonnay $10 to start, and the four of us decided to split the crispy tofu appetizer $10.  the appetizer portion was perfect for the four of us to snack on and could easily be made into your meal or hearty shareable plate for two.  for my main course, i ordered a bowl of the thai corn chowder $8 and the double tuna fat roll $14.  there were so many delicious entrees to choose from, but i had to remind myself that my eyes are always bigger than my stomach, and settled on the soup and roll - i will definitely be back again to try one of their entrees:  the long island duck & seared rare tuna dishes sounded phenomenal.  our first round of dishes was served shortly after we finished the crispy tofu:  my thai corn chowder was excellent - perfect consistency, temperature and flavor.  one complaint is that the menu description for the chowder touts jumbo lump crab meat and i had one measly piece, which was rather disappointing.  the other girls in my party had a couple orders of steamed dumplings, which looked good and again were large enough of a portion to make into a meal.  our waiter was extremely attentive, checking on us regularly and making sure our water glasses remained filled.  this is such a subtle task, but for as much water as i gulp down at each meal i greatly appreciate when waiters and waitresses keep my glass full.  it was a bit of a wait for our maki rolls which surprised me a bit, seeing as i would assume they take less time to prepare than other entree-style dishes.  about 15 minutes after our first course was cleared, our rolls were served.  i'm not sure if there was an error in submitting our order to the kitchen, but both courses that were brought out were served to the wrong person at our table. perhaps the breakdown came when a different waiter served our food than the waiter that took our order. obviously the fix is as easy as exchanging a couple of plates across the table, but it's something that could most definitely be avoided.  regardless of the musical plates that we played, the rolls were delicious and i soon hit a sushi wall... they say you're never to leave a soldier behind, but i had to leave one lone, tasty piece of the double tuna fat roll on the plate by itself.   i had just enough to eat at that point and was mentally high-fiving myself for not ordering an entire entree, half of which would've likely ended up in a doggy bag.  overall, i am pleased with my experience at RESTAURANT_NAME and will most definitely be back.  the interior is intimate and dimly lit so it would be a perfect date night spot or, as i did, a girls night out.  there really doesn't seem to be a bad item on the menu. on this particular visit, they were even offering a special prix fixe menu in celebration of the chinese new year.  it looked tempting but again, my eyes are always bigger than my stomach and i had to politely decline the opportunity.
i wasn't wowed by RESTAURANT_NAME ... the food and service were okay but not outstanding. the vibe was much "trendier" than my wife and i had expected, and perhaps this contributes to the dining clientele. we were unfortunately seated next to a borderline unpleasant, inebriated and and rather "bro-ey" table of guys and gals which detracted from our experience. i reckon the feel of the place appeals more to others than to me, so take this review with a grain of salt.
i enjoyed pat tai smelling exotic scents and fried cuttle under the golden candle light. taste was good and i felt romantic. it was a little expensive but worth it.   there was a nice bar also even though i didn't drink anything. when i have another chance to visit there, i will treat myself cocktail filling beautiful glass with its vivid color.  you would rather make a reservation to get comfortable seat. be careful about extra ordinary scents that can be unbearable to someone though i loved it.
we came here for my birthday dinner and it exceeded my expectations. RESTAURANT_NAME is a pan-asian restaurant and they definitely showed the asian influence in their food. i had ordered the seared rare tuna and it was cooked perfectly while my boyfriend went with the salmon entree cooked medium rare.   the atmosphere is very intimate, with low lighting and candles and a waterfall wall.  the food was delicious and the waiter was attentive and informative. would definitely go back! definitely one of my new favorite restaurants in pittsburgh.
i went here for valentine's day and had their prix-fixe menu. i actually really enjoyed everything i had, but i found some of the dishes to be too sweet.   the portions were tiny, but since the flavor wasn't exceptional i thought the price was a bit high. i've eaten at michelin star restaurants before and am used to high prices for small portions, but if you're going to give small portions i expect the food to give me "wows and mouth-opening reactions of flavor." expect RESTAURANT_NAME's food to be good, but not memorable.   the best part of the meal was the dessert. their yuzu tart is excellent - perfect balance of tartness, sweetness, and crunch.   i would come back to try their regular menu, and i would recommend this place for a nice dinner. the actual restaurant has an spacious, but maze-like layout which i appreciated.
used to love the inventive --if quirky and sometimes off the mark ---combos of this asian fusion place. but now it is about as standard as they come with lamb shank and salmon entrees ... what happened ? after the renovation the place lost its center !  plus staff is slow and not very  professional  ... another one bites the dust !  not likely to return especially when the competition for novel and fun food is on the rise in the burgh!!
came here for dinner and drinks. initial impressions from ambience and cocktails were good. appetizers were mostly good, especially the buns. sushi was decent. however the red curry was one of the worst i've had.  it's really pricey for the portions and quality. i might come back for a quick cocktail and app.
fantastic interior! swanky bar!  smooth lighting! it's all here! i've loved this place since since setting foot in the door a long time ago. it was always a 5 star experience....but in the last few months somethings different and thus the 3-star status. i'm not sure what it is...whether it's taking exceptionally long to get attention for service here's a hint...if you get everyone drinks faster, they're probably more likely to have a better experience!, or the quality of food, or not feeling like you got the best value for the price paid when you walk out.... i haven't given up on it here yet - and have high hopes that it's just a bump in the road.
i think RESTAURANT_NAME has one of the best/coolest atmospheres of any restaurant in pittsburgh.  my first experience at RESTAURANT_NAME i did the tasting menu i can't remember most of the courses, but i know i loved it...i would do it again in a heart beat! my second experience, i ordered the tandoori grilled scottish salmon as my main course and it was fantastic! i normally fill up on appetizers and my main meal and don't have room for dessert, but this time i decided to skip the appetizer and get a dessert instead, excellent decision! i would recommend any of their desserts we ordered the chocolate pretzel stack and we agreed it was in the top desserts of all time.  will be back in the future!
we booked a table for 4 and the service was great. everything we ordered was delicious nigori sake, crispy tofu, filet satays, double salmon roll, lobster roll, wild alaska halibut, long island duck, vege fried rice, and banana split. the vege fried rice was a bit saltier than we expected, though. the chef even gave us an extra plate of salmon roll for the appetizer waiting time. the server suggested nigori sake as we go sweet and it was very nice. amazing experience :-
excellent!!!  requested a private table for our anniversarry which we actually got !! started at the lounge bar since we arrived 30 min early with a white walker , very different , spicy but great.  we had bao buns and shishito peppers for an appetizer , tea leaf salad then moved to our main courses of pan tai and korean fried chicken.  it was all excellent !  for desert we split a bannana split.  in all with 3 glasses of wine and two cocktails added the total bill was $138 .  which i thought was a bargain .  will most definitely go back!
the food was excellent. however the service was sloppy all around, people looked the part but didn't measure up. served soup with no spoon, waited for refills way too long, twice food runners brought wrong food over.  should be a little more seamless for the cost.
RESTAURANT_NAME is my absolute favorite restaurant in pittsburgh.  RESTAURANT_NAME is consistent with high quality service and cuisine.  i have been going to RESTAURANT_NAME for well over 10 years, and i have never been disappointed.  i highly recommend eating the pad thai and washing that down with a fussy monk or  two.  RESTAURANT_NAME also has great happy hour specials. i highly recommend you visit RESTAURANT_NAME!
great atmosphere and service -- we sat on the second floor patio and it was well decorated. temperature was cool with the awning but still received the warmth of the afternoon, so it was a nice balance. it was our server's second night on the job, but he did very well and was attentive to our table.  cocktails -- we each had several different cocktails over the span of the night. my personal favorites were the offer you can't refuse $10 and the bee keeper $11. both were very drinkable and i could definitely have a few over dinner. i also tried the white walker $12 as any game of thrones fan would. i love smokey flavor and this had a great mezcal, but the jalapeno was a little too strong for my liking. it was great as a "one and done" cocktail. definitely could not have more than one of these as it left a bit of a tingly sensation on your lips from the heat of the drink.   appetizers -- the rock shrimp tempura is delicious. i could order a couple plates of this and be completely satisfied for the night.   entrees - the pad thai was so-so. i am partial to the pad thai at nicky's tai kitchen, so it's hard for me to find a good runner up. the sauce was good, but i am also not used to having tofu in my pad thai so that threw me off a bit.   the long island duck was very good. the asian pear complimented very nicely and the sauce was amazing. served with gnocchi, this was a great dish.   overall was very pleased and will come back again.
good consistent meals.  valet parking.  the steak and the tuna is awesome!  would definitely recommend.
i went there last night to enjoy what i thought would be a romantic night out. upon walking into RESTAURANT_NAME restaurant i was greeted by the nicest hostess who kindly directed me to the lounge. the lounge was everything it was advertised to be. many different options of where to sit and a beautiful ambiance that really put us in the right mood. as soon as we sat down we were handed a drink menu with all sorts of options. went with the bangkok tea, was delicious. now why did i give it 2 stars? everything sounds great right? wrong!! the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable. kept walking over to ask us if we wanted anything else i ordered 2 drinks while my date got 1. she didn't leave us alone and didn't hide the fact that she wanted us to leave. what's the big idea. at the end she closed our bill early and said that we should tell her if we need anything else. that was our sign to leave. what a way to ruin an otherwise beautiful evening. so my advice to anyone coming to RESTAURANT_NAME at around 6:30pm on a tues is to watch out for ashley. hopefully it was just an off day for her, but it definitely ruined our evening.
this was a great all-around experience.   i visited in late march, but have just now gotten into yelp.   the wait staff was very knowledgeable and checked up on my party often.  the atmosphere was elegant and the food was extremely well executed.   for an appetizer, i had the tempura fried rock shrimp drizzled in a spicy sauce. they were fried to perfection and the spice was tasty and not overwhelming. for my entre, i had the tuna tartare with taro root chips. the tuna was evidently fresh and well seasoned and the taro root chips added a nice textural element. my mother had pad thai, which she says was excellent; pad thai can so easily be mediocre. for dessert i sampled the condensed milk ice cream and one of their many varieties of tea, i believe it was something with lemongrass in all honestly, i selected one at random because i was so sure any of them would be delicious, and i was right. if was a lovely finisher to a wonderful meal. i would definitely come here again.
:  ehhhhhh   came here with a party of 5 on a friday night.  seated us quickly, and we ordered drinks quickly and then....  it all went away.  as in no service and when our orders were taken they were all screwed up with missing entrees, missing drinks, and we waited at least 45 minutes for our food.  no, we did not order any super fancy dishes.  i don't know whose fault it was- the waiter or the kitchen or what but it was really really bad and i eat out all over the country all the time.  worst service i've had in years and i'm a moderately tolerant fella.  lost 3 stars for that.  assuming the service was superb i'd give the food a 3/5.  slightly above average.  i know this is supposed to be one of pittsburgh's best, and yes i am in pittsburgh in the middle of "why does anyone live here???" which has zero michelin starred restaurants, but damn, it was not that great.  the interior design was also nice.  good ambiance.  best thing about the place- they have free vallet parking.  the lot was filled with audis and bimmers and maseratis but the valets cheerfully took and parked my spectacular status symbol 1989 dodge grand caravan minivan.  they got the tip.
we recently had a phenomenal meal here. wow i typically get the seared tuna as a main course because it is one of the best meals around, this time we decided to go with appetizers. i am glad we did. the rock shrimp tempura, lobster roll, and calamari were exceptional. but the chilean sea bass was as good as it gets. i'm excited to go back to have the chilean sea bass and the seared tuna. perfection!
dining solo so my review is somewhat biased because of a slight uneasy feeling doing so at this establishment.  don't get me wrong.  i dine alone and have done so quite often throughout the many years.  my point is that i shouldn't feel uncomfortable while doing so and some establishments seem to go out of their way on this point.  i chose this restaurant as a recommendation by my hair stylist as a treat to myself after getting a great new coif.  i walked the several blocks from the salon to the restaurant because it was a nice evening weather-wise and i hadn't really explored shadyside before so it was fun taking in the architecture of homes, shopping, and seeing other restaurants in the neighborhood i want to try.  upon entering, i stood for a few moments more than necessary to be greeted.  i was asked if maybe i wanted to sit in the lounge area; i looked and opted for a table, instead.  i then waited a few more moments more than necessary when he returned before he made eye contact after searching for an open table.  all i'm saying is that i definitely felt second-rate at the hostess station, whether that was because i was alone, alone as a woman, because i didn't have a reservation, or maybe my new coif wasn't as great as i thought ha!.  i don't know and didn't really care for the feeling.  i did manage to stay; however, to be escorted to the top floor patio that is open but covered.  it was an exquisite place to dine.  my server was pleasant but definitely reserved.  i ordered a glass of riesling $10, a fair price amongst restaurants.  i also ordered thai corn chowder and pork lettuce wraps, each coming to the table separately.  the corn chowder was flavorful but the texture wasn't what i expected.  it was more of a thick puree than chunks of corn.  though good, i'd order something else next time simply because of the texture.  the pork lettuce wraps were excellent and plentiful to make a dinner portion for one.  all totaled, the bill was $30 for the glass of wine, soup, and lettuce wraps, a fair price in such a beautiful setting.  all in all, i would come here again but definitely with my husband.  it's a great date venue but a little more hoity-toity and prissy dining solo aka "pretentious" than i particularly cared for.  thus, 4 stars vs 5 stars for the review.
i was here to bring in the year 2015, and it was a memorable experience. first, the calamari appetizer i ordered was great! and the vibe there is so chill with such a modern layout. the service is also wonderful. you can either do open seating in the really nice bar area, or you can be seated in the dining portion of the restaurant. it's a cool place to hangout with your friends, though i remember some things on the menu being a little pricey. definitely worth a visit.
love this place.  always get a great meal and the bar area is great for post-meal drinks.  my favorite is definitely the seared tuna...always cooked to perfection with great sides of kimchi, peanut sauce and rice.  appetizers are excellent as well.
the ambiance is perfection. however, i enjoy excellent food, timely service, and well balanced cocktails. if you prefer outstanding decor over all other elements listed. then i'm sure you will enjoy your experience. i can only hope you trust and find my review helpful.   i accidentally ordered delivery from here after spending a long night working. it was horrible. the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible. this place is far too expensive to be serving food poorly prepared.
the menu here is very pricey, and some things are complete hits, and others are total misses, thus i give it a 3.5-star rating. we started with the crab and corn chowder creamy, spicy and delicious - $8, chilean sea bass satay large cubes of cod, cooked rare, tender, with a sweet, tasty sauce - $12. i had the shiitake dumplings $9 - 5 or 6 in an order, fried, pretty good but nothing stupendous. we got the double salmon roll, which had a lot of mayonnaise on it for my taste, especially since this was not listed as an ingredient on the menu. i probably wouldn't have ordered it if i'd known. the fish was delicious $14. we also got the hamachi sashimi, a favorite of my dinner partner's. he said the fish was great, but the fennel, apple and avocado sauce added to the dish were a total miss and detracted from the great fish underneath $14. we both wished the hamachi had been combined with flavors that made more sense for its delicate flavors. finally, we shared the red curry and rice, which neither of us particularly cared for. it is an all vegetable dish, with tofu, broccolini, butternut squash, and a fried egg i never found in the dish $17. we opted to skip the entrees, which run from $22-34, and we were glad we did, as this amount of food more than filled us up, with enough for at least one meal of leftovers, despite coming very hungry. we finished our meal with the cashew terrine $9, which was essentially a trio of pureed cashew and coconut milk bars served with chocolate sauce, candied cashews, and raspberry/passionfruit sauce. finally, we had the port trio, all of which were wonderful and a relatively good deal $14 for 3 small glasses.  at a previous event, we also tried RESTAURANT_NAME's food, and got the chance to taste the crispy tofu bland, but inoffensive, $9, roasted chicken ramen delicious, $22, enough for leftovers, and pad thai good, but way overpriced with too many noodles and costing $19, for something i could get at my neighborhood thai joint for $12-14.
my first trip to RESTAURANT_NAME was as a +1 at a yelp elite event yay!.  the event occupied the bar area, which was lovely, had ample seating, and a beautiful well stocked bar.  the food and drink provided was well designed to represent some of the better tastes of the menu.  we chose a poor table, and tended to get the ends of each service, but ultimately, we were well fed and pampered by the end.  the shishito peppers were truly outstanding.  lovely and smokey, but not too spicy.  the rock shrimp tempura and seared rare tuna were tasty and definitely worth getting, but the highlight for me was the bao buns.  dear lord. the dough was light and soft, the chicken deliciously fried, and then my brain kinda melted into nirvana rather than thinking about the other ingredients.  we also sampled the edamame, spicy tuna roll and a vegetarian roll, which were good, but sort of as expected and not my favorite.  we also sampled the plum sangria very tasty, the thai mule very gingery, delicious, and my favorite!!, and the midnight manhattan amazing, if you're a rye drinker.  for dessert, we all received a chocolate maki, which was very creative, well presented, and good.  a nearby yelper had a birthday, which called for a RESTAURANT_NAME banana split.  after the banana split, which was truly outstanding, we were all left a big jealous.   also of note, their happy hour specials were good.  a nice selection of reasonably priced cocktails, wine, beer, and beer on tap.  i would definitely come back for a nice dinner sometime!
this is a copy of my review for the event that this fine establishment hosted. i was not aware that the review would not show up on their restaurant page. i am kinda new at this! but yeah... here it is..            overall experience with the drinks was really good. the tai mule gave me a little tickle in the back of my tongue, with a taste of lemon and mint. the sangria was served with a orangeof course and was blended perfectly with fruity and wine. the desert drink was different for me as i don't usually drink something with such a kick. so with that said, i am not sure if it was brandy or whiskey. overall the drinks were fab.     the seared bar tuna was served with peanut and korean bbq sauce. it was very tasteful and not dry at all. my head needed a minute to wrap itself around how good it was.     the double salmon roll was very good. the salmon was definitely fresh and put together very nicely. the other roll was  cucumber and avocado. i enjoyed this one because you were able to taste everything, including the seaweed wrap, which has been a while for me, so i know it was fresh.     the korean fried chicken on a boa bunrice flour, with a tomato, cilantro, and sweet pickle was delish! i really with i could have had another one!.. and will!     the rock shrimp was very good as well, with a nice spice to it. it wasn't dry and was very flavorful. this was also served very cute in a paper cone.     the sea bass kabob was cooked with perfection! the meat was juicy and flavorful with a sweet tasting glaze, and was not overwhelming with a seafood taste.     the shishito pepper were mild and either grilled or chard. not sure if it had a taste of cayenne, but over all they were good. the edamame was good as well.     being that this was an special event, i can not really being critical of the actual service we received, i will have to do that when i come back for a regular visit, but it was very good.  the ambiance was very nice and romantic, casual, and comfortable. that's all i can say!
easily one of the better places in town and parallels great asian around the country. certainly not quite up to hakkasan or nobu standards, but on a trajectory. i have been happy nearly every time and have been here about a dozen times over the last year. bar staff very attentive and good. my favorites are bao buns, filet satay, dumplings, burmese tea leaf salad , most of the sushi and sashimi , some noodle dishes. haven't really gone through the entrees in a while, but i'm sure they are very good. all in all , a great dining experience 4.5/5.
started in the bar for delicious happy hour cocktails, all of which are asian variations of classics. the space is calming yet chic and perfect for drinks with friends who like conversation or a date. dinner was also very good. i had the red curry, which was tasty but i should have ordered it to be spicier. next time, and there will be a few next times, i'll make a meal from small plates with the sashimi and other fish offerings. the chilean sea bass satay was unbelievably delicious.  it was seviche on a stick in chopstick friendly pieces. there was a subtle smoky flavor to the fish. the service in the bar and in the dining area was attentive and helpful in navigating the menu.
kudos to rachel c. and yelp for having an elite event so good that it brought me back to RESTAURANT_NAME almost immediately. i joined the fabulous jonathan d. for a birthday dinner last night. at my suggestion, he ordered the korean fried chicken the yelp sample was sooo good, i had to see what the entre was like. at the recommendation of our fabulous server albert, i tried the pad thai.  i wouldn't usually order pad thai outside of the food truck in the strip, but he assured me that it was above and beyond the regular pad thai...and he was right. this delicious monstrosity is sure to feed me for days. it includes tofu, shrimp, chicken and i swear 4 lbs of noodles.  it's definitely the best pad thai i've ever had. throw in excellent server and a killer ambiance, and you've got one of pittsburgh's greatest restaurants. i hope to see a few more entre selections in the future, but other than that, it's perfection!
i had a great night planned with my girlfriend at RESTAURANT_NAME for valentines, we had looked forward to dinner all week.  when we got there we got a couple of appetizers one being the steamed pork dumplings.  when they served them to us my girlfriend said they felt cold and when she cut them open it was completely raw.  when you feel as though you're going to an upscale restaurant you should know that they can at least cook the food properly, and while they did take the dumplings off the bill, the entire meal should have been comped.  we'll never be returning again!
one of my favorite places to eat for a special occasion.   i'll break down the atmosphere, service, and food below!   atmosphere is very intimate with low lighting to set the mood. tables for 2 are a little close to each other but this seems to be the new trend in restaurants. sometimes it is hard to not pay attention to neighboring table conversations or glance at what they are eating. very clean however and the decor gives you a modern asian feel.  service was awesome. albert was our server for the evening and helped us with all of our questions. he was extremely versed on all menu items and their descriptions. our food arrived in steady sync and other staff members came by to constantly fill our waters and clear empty plates.  now for the good part, the food! they were offering a 4 course tasting menu which we opted to pass on. to start we ordered the corn and crab bisque. excellent semi smoky flavor with plenty of jumbo lump crab and corn to accompany the smooth texture of the soup. we then got the rock shrimp tempura and lobster tacos. the shrimp came out with perfect temperature and crispiness tossed in a spicy dressing. very similar to the shrimp served at the bonefish grill. the lobster tacos had a nice fresh taste with the crunch of the shell. the avocado cream was seasoned just right and the zest of the lime was delightful. for our main entrees my girlfriend and i both got the filet with fried brussel sprouts. filets were cooked perfectly to our liking and the crisp on the sprouts were delicious. dessert consisted of the chocolate maki that i took a picture of an creme brle. both exceptional.   overall, a great experience from start to finish from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. valet is also nice as it is complimentary and tip is not required, but always good to do so, especially with the weather being so cold!
the ambiance is good, but the food is better.   we started off with the thai corn chowder and the rock shrimp tempura- both were great, but i'm still thinking about the crispy yet light shrimp that i couldn't stop eating. the soup was a welcome departure from most lackluster restaurant soups, and was rich and creamy. we followed up with the double tuna roll, which was nothing short of amazing. the fish was so fresh it was buttery, and was deliciously dusted with crispy tempura dust. our main course, the tandoori salmon, was a bit of a letdown; we were promised a medium rare salmon that was served to us *very* well-done, and was seriously lacking in any sort of "tandoori" flavor. the lentils and raita sauce served on the side were the saving grace for this dish, making it both palatable and delicious. we were too full for dessert, but the creme brulee is on my list for next time!
well... the pad thai was ok. dol sot bi bim bap it was not. baby puke with delicious beef? hard to place it. bizarre watery consistency. shiitake was good too. way too much hype for such underwhelming food. service was so-so too.
this is a really nice place, tucked into a fantastic little block on ellsworth in shadyside. the cocktails and food are very good. they always have a few great beers on tap too if that's your thing. you can get sushi, which i presume comes from umi upstairs.  i'd give it 5 stars, but i think the RESTAURANT_NAME restaurant itself lacks ambiance. it's kind of weirdly quiet and too loud at the same time. if you go as a couple, you inevitably get a table uncomfortably close to large loud tables on either side. feels like they're cramming you in like the one "nice" restaurant in a college town on valentine's day. last time after we saw where we were seated, we just went to the bar, which was a lot nicer and serves the same food.  overall, RESTAURANT_NAME is a great place. good food and drink. just sit in the bar area.
in the last year, i have gotten through most of the big burrito restaurant chain, and i have now conquered RESTAURANT_NAME too.  i came to the lounge area on thursday night with a friend around 7:30 pm.  we got the two last seats together, other than two at the bar, which is pretty impressive for a thursday night.  foremost, of the big burrito group, RESTAURANT_NAME might have the best atmosphere.  the lounge was similar to the upscale ones in new york, chicago, d.c., etc., and i love that.  the drinks were really reasonable ranging from about $9-$12, although i mostly drink in the aforementioned cities so maybe slightly higher than the pittsburgh average.  i ordered two cucumber collins $11 drinks, which contained effen cucumber vodka, nigori, lime, and agave nectar.  this drink was light and refreshing and definitely not weak.  the wait staff was super laid back and disorganized, which is typical for this chain, but i don't mind it in this atmosphere.  all in all, i would definitely come back here for a drink.  dinner is very far out of my budget here, but i am sure it would be good too.
first, it's a beautiful space. it's the kind of place that would be good for a nicer date. it's also the kind of place where they offered to take our coats at the door.  i tried two cocktails. the hattori hanzo was pretty good. i like cocktails that are sweet, but where you can still taste the alcohol. i also had the asian plum sangria, which tasted like juice, so if you don't like to get that hint of alcohol in your cocktail, that'd be my recommendation. sips of my friends' cucumber collins and thai mule proved that they can make decent cocktails at RESTAURANT_NAME. i was expecting something a little more creative tasting at a place like RESTAURANT_NAME, but i guess i can't complain about what they did have.   food-wise, we ordered the shiitake dumplings and bao buns as appetizers. the dumplings were a bit doughy. however, the bao buns with fried chicken instead of the typical pork belly were delicious! i wanted more. i got the seared rare tuna. it came with rice, kimchi, cucumbers and onions, and a bbq peanut sauce. i'm glad they put the sauce on the side because it was a bit overpowering. the tuna was one large chunk. i think they should have served it as two pieces and drizzled the sauce on top, but overall, it tasted nice and it was filling. i tried my friend's miso black cod and it was scrumptious, like melt in your mouth delicious. the long island duck was also pretty good. for dessert we shared as you can tell, we love sharing the tahitian vanilla creme brle and the frozen cashew terrine. both were really great.   one thing i'd suggest would be for them to be informed as to where the fish is sourced from. i wanted to know where the tuna was from, but our server didn't know. overall though, the service was good.
veg standpoint - from the start the ambience was great.  the food was huge portions so order less and order more if need be.  there are a few veg dishes which were nice but not amazing.  still great place to go.  good romantic dinner.
every year my husband and i alternate big burrito restaurants where we use our birthday coupon. none ever disappoint. we had never tried RESTAURANT_NAME and boy were we glad we did. the whole experience was amazing.  we started out with both types of sangria. the white was good until you tasted the red, which was delicious. we loved it.  our appetizer was the filet satay. wow! it was perfectly cooked & seasoned. the meat was so tender and melted in our mouths. we hated for it to end.  i had the pad thai and i normally love pad thai. everyone raved about it, but unfortunately i don't think it lived up to the hype. i did not find it flavorful at all. i also felt they could have made it a lesser portion & charged less.  my husband had the korean fried chicken & loved it. i thought it was moist & delicious with perfect breading. the only thing i didn't like on the plate was a tiny bit of potato that looked like a sweet potato, but tasted like a bland potato.  we finished the night off with the pretzel stack. a friend of ours loved it & i did not care for the taste at all.  the decor and ambiance in the dinning room was great. the lounge was beautiful and looked like a fun place to have cocktails with friends. we'll definitely be back.
spring RESTAURANT_NAME noodle salad is always so tasty and fresh. the atmosphere is relaxing with a lovely decor. staff friendly and seem to enjoy working there.
RESTAURANT_NAME, pittsburgh     i'm a fan of the big burrito group- they're successful for 2 simple reasons: they have good food, and provide stellar service.     saturday evening a group of us braved the 32-degree spring weather, and had dinner at RESTAURANT_NAME in shadyside.     the dcor at RESTAURANT_NAME was minimal, but tasteful. small polished stones were placed in front of each place setting, complimenting the wooden--faced menus. our host was running a few minutes late, so i did some exploring. to the right, just beyond the hostess stand was a single, elongated, vip table. above the seating area was a large, organic wall with cascading water- if you've ever seen those really cool zen-like mini pug-in h20 displays at bed bath and beyond, it's like one of those- on a grand scale.  the bar/lounge area located at the far end of the restaurant was filling up with hip, well-dressed patrons eager to socialize and sip trendy cocktails. the lighting was dim and warm throughout; most of the diners were using the flashlights on their cell-phones to peruse to decipher the menu. comfortable couches were scattered about making for a fun, informal meeting spot.     as i sat at our table waiting for everyone to arrive, i asked our server what he recommended.     "black cod for sure," he said.     now that i had decided on my entre, it was time to review the starters.     the spicy pork lettuce wraps looked good 12, as did the edamame 9, jumbo lump crab spring rolls 13, rock shrimp tempura 12, and lobster roll 15. we ended up sampling all of these plates, as well as the sweet corn and crab chowder.     the spring rolls were impeccably fresh, and the crab sweet and succulent. my favorite appetizer however, was the rock shrimp tempura prepared with spicy aioli, tsumi, ponzu, and chives.  another fantastic dish was the sweet corn and crab chowder that included curry, and full fat coconut milk.  between courses we opted for the RESTAURANT_NAME chopped salad- a perfect combination of taste and texture with fresh papaya, mango, daikon, creamy avocado, iceberg lettuce, mint, basil, cashews, and coconut tempura- a spicy tempura dressing completed the dish.  with our palates adequately cleansed, we chose our main courses. miso black cod 30 for me please- also ordered: tandoori scottish salmon 27, seared rare tuna with sesame crust 30, and filet mignon 38.     the fish was served in a medium-sized ceramic bowl, and included barbequed pork, rice cakes, bok choy, ssam jang, and pine nuts. the cod was buttery and rich- the barbecued pork was delicate, yet flavorful. a tangy miso broth puddled at the bottom of the bowl, and was quickly lapped up with my soupspoon.     i had the opportunity to try the seared tuna, and scottish salmon- both delicious.     "you have to order the frozen cashew terrine," our host suggested.     i didn't want to upset him of course, so we ordered two for the table, along with some basil-lemon sorbet, and the RESTAURANT_NAME banana split.     the terrine was amazing- i had never had anything like it. the dessert had the texture of ice cream, but was more dense, and packed with flavor. also on the plate was chocolate ganache, mango, raspberry coulis, candied pecans, and real whipped cream- i would go back just to eat this.     RESTAURANT_NAME serves amazing food- couple that with a great atmosphere, and flawless service, and you have a true winner.
i love RESTAURANT_NAME! it might seriously be my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh. i started coming here when i was an employee for mad mex, since we got a discount one day of the week. but my husband and i have continued coming here over the years for special occasions, because it's so good!  the fried tofu appetizer is incredible. i'm a vegetarian, but my husband is not and usually doesn't like tofu - even he gets excited for the fried tofu.  we have both tried various menu items and drinks here, and everything has been top-notch. the atmosphere inside is beautiful, and if it's nice outside, it's nice to sit on the covered patio. we always look forward to an occasion to come back here and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a romantic or just delicious evening!
it's been 3 days since yelps swingin to summer event and i had to get my RESTAURANT_NAME fix in. pulling up to the restaurant you will see they have a valet service tip based which is awesome since parking in shadyside can get tricky. i have seen a lot of pictures of the bar and lounge area from other reviews but i was really blown away by the interior design of the dining room. it was very modern and upscale! i also really loved the sliding doors it really opened up the area and let in a nice breeze.   i knew going into this dinner the filet satay was a must and so were the pork belly buns. my mom wanted to try the spicy chicken lettuce wraps so we ordered that as well. with the filet satay you get 3 skewers that come with 4 pieces of filet that basically melt in your mouth! the pork belly buns were also heavenly. there was a nice mix of flavors happening here, sweet and tangy! last but not least the spicy chicken lettuce wraps delivered as well. my mom did say they were the best chicken lettuce wraps she has ever had and she is a big chicken lettuce wrap eater. they were not spicy at all which is what she was originally worried about. the halved peanuts, green peppers and caramelized onions really added extra flavor and crunch. the portions were very generous for these all being shareable. next time i would like to try the korean bbq ribs for sure!   RESTAURANT_NAME you are definitely on my favorite restaurant list and i recommend everyone to try it for themselves.
appetizers were great!!! entrees were just ok to be honest. desserts were definitely good ate on the deck great atmosphere.
the weird thing about RESTAURANT_NAME is their appetizers are way better than their entrees. my husband and i split 2 appetizers and 2 entrees and i loved both appetizers, however both entrees were just ok.  the sea bass satays were amazing. if you love sea bass they're a must try. also the double salmon roll was so good. the salmon was extremely fresh and melts in your mouth.  if i eat at RESTAURANT_NAME again i'm tempted to just order more appetizers/shared plates and skip the entrees.  dessert was really good too. ordered the chocolate peanut butter pretzel and it was delicious.  i highly recommend eating outside on their patio upstairs. great setting and atmosphere.  if you wanna check out RESTAURANT_NAME i would recommend it however it's not one of my regular go to restaurants.
we enjoyed our first visit to RESTAURANT_NAME yesterday.  on recommendations from a friend we be began dinner with the fried tofu. excellent! the lemongrass sauce completed the dish nicely. i had a dark and stormy cocktail with it. we ordered the duck and the black cod. would recommend both. our waiter was helpful and attentive. we sat on the upstairs patio. beautiful evening , delicious meal!
over the years, i've tried a number of items on RESTAURANT_NAME's menu. items i've enjoyed: calamari, lobster tacos, double salmon roll, white lychee sangria, hazelnut crunch bar. a special shout-out to the lobster tacos. they are great. i especially love the peas in them. items i haven't enjoyed: pad thai, green mountain curry, lobster roll. items that were just okay: long island duck, spicy pork lettuce wraps, banh mi bao buns, spicy tuna roll. one thing that seems to be consistent is the long wait time for your food to arrive. once when i came for dinner, i recall having to wait 55 minutes for the food to come out. with interesting menu options, RESTAURANT_NAME is worth a try if you haven't been here before, but be careful with what you order and be prepared to wait a while for your food.   taste | 3 atmosphere | 4 presentation | 4 service | 3 overall | 3.5
it's a nice, intimate restaurant with an elegant setting. valet is very professional and the staff make guest feel welcome. i had the pad thai. there was so much food and i was very satisfied. my girlfriend had the long island duck which was pretty tasty from the piece i had. it took a little long to come so they comped the wine and dessert. plus it was her birthday so that helped. the server could have poured water more often.
i have been wanting to come here since i first moved to pittsburgh, but i never gotten a chance. until i went to yelp's event and RESTAURANT_NAME was serving kabobs, ooh i then told myself i am coming here for my birthday. i joined the big burrito membership so i can receive a free meal for my birthday, but i never did :- anyway, i still went to RESTAURANT_NAME for dinner. i had their long island duck, boy it was delicious. my favorite meat is duck, so i have have a lot of ducks. RESTAURANT_NAME's duck is more like a four stars for me. however, my experience makes me give them a five stars. we had a party of three and we waited a very looooong time for our entree to come out. everyone else had their food but us. so the manager came out and apologized for any inconvenience, and he asked us if we need anything. i jokingly said free wine, and he really did bring me a glass of wine. my sister then told him that it is my birthday but i never received the free meal, if i can have dessert for free. he really let me pick a dessert for free. i got the dark chocolate maki, it was soooo good :- this shows that they really care about customer satisfication. i will definitely come back for some special occasion.
went to experience their summer vietnamese fixed four-course meal. the offerings were delicious, well presented, and comprised an excellent menu.  two concerns:  first the speed of serving each course was too fast.  as soon as we finished the appetizers, the second course was served.  the only well timed service was the final item, dessert.  second, the main entree had some improperly prepared pho noodles....under cooked and quite hard and clumpy....however, upon request an additional serving of properly prepared pho was provided.  aside from those issues...the four course meal was excellent.
tasty & fresh sushi!  the food is very nicely prepared & laid out before you with a fair amount of simplicity, no really outrageous creative plating going on.  the menu seemed fairly traditional, i don't recall seeing the more "americanized" what i consider "crazy" rolls that many trendy sushi restaurants like nyc's & phl's haru offer.  and don't take that as a bad thing.  while i'll happily admit to liking those "crazy americanized" rolls, its nice to find a great more traditional place out there.  from what i understand mr shu is very stringent in regards to his sushi standards, to the point that he does not allow his sous chefs to prepare sushi if he is not around to supervise.  the restaurant itself is small & cozy & up a loooooooong flights of stairs & without the loud banging tunes you find in the more trendy restaurants so that a great conversation is possible to have whether you're there on a date or catching up with a friend.  i wanted to try the omakase, but opted against it as RESTAURANT_NAME was my second dinner of the evening i'm a pig, i know, however i have heard pretty mixed reviews on whether or not its worth it.  the service was simply ok.  kind of slow.  no, more like definitely slow.  nothing special.  still gave the waitress a 20+ tip though so obviously i still wouldn't call the service horrendous.
when my wife and i moved to pgh from boston, we were worried about finding good sushi in town. more than one person told us that the original fish market was the best in town, and after trying it, we despaired a little. however, after passing RESTAURANT_NAME a couple times in a our neighborhood travels, we foolishly walked in on a saturday night to try it. foolishly because the palce is tiny and walking in without reservations is a apparently a suicide mission. however, we lucked out in two ways. first, they were able to accomodate us at the sushi bar, and second, the sushi chef was exceptionally cool. not only was his handiwork phenonemenal, but he was cordial, answering our questions and appreciative of our compliments.  on to the grub: the toro sashimi was melt-in-your-mouth good. in fact, one of the cool little tricks of the chef is that adds a litte topping to each piece, which was unique and added a cool twist without overpowering the fish. the quality of all of the fish was exceptional, the key to any sushi adventure. great experience, great food, cool chef, what more could you ask for? just be sure to make a reservation!
do not go here if you are on a budget and/or really hungry.  however, if you have an expense account or are a guest of someone with an expense account as i was last night than this is a good option.  in fact, this is the best sushi i've had in pittsburgh.  RESTAURANT_NAME is a part of the admirable big  burrito group.  it's located above soba.  it's up two long sets of stairs, so if you are bringing someone handicapable or elderly they'll have trouble navigating the double staircases.  as i was walking up the stairs last night i noticed the painted large waves on the walls.  i believe RESTAURANT_NAME is japanese for big wave maybe?.  our reservation was for 6:30 and initially they only had the tatami tables where you sit on the ground and your feet dangle in a hole in the floor.  these tables are probably okay for date night, but would have been weird with two business associates.  luckily, a table opened up.  if it's this busy on a tuesday i suggest a reservations.  anyways, the rest of the space is very nice with a sushi bar with about 5 seats as soon as you enter and very warm colors with a few scuptures and a waterfall in the middle of the dining room.  the service was pretty good.  there was nothing particularly memorable.  i started with a mark west chardonnay, which was okay and priced under $10.  they also have a good selection of warm and cold sake'.  i started with the white tuna sashimi which was a few slices of super fresh melt in your mouth tuna with a nice soy sauce and just the right amount of wasabi.  matt tried the shrimp tempura which was perfectly breaded quickly fried light shrimp with veggies.  this was a good deal at $12.  keith had the lobster soup which had a few big chunks of lobster and a nice broth.  i ordered the toro tartar with caviar, which was probably a teaspoon of super creamy fatty tuna and a touch of caviar.  this was really rich and one of the most expensive teaspoon serving i've ever had at $21 for such a small amount.  keith had some noodle dish which he said was good and actually was pretty reasonable, but again it's noodles.  matt ordered the strip steak tataki, which was about 1 1/2 ounces of prime steak served with a sweet soy sauce.  it was delicious, but again $20 for less than a 2 oz. serving.  i stuck with sashimi.  the lobster sashimi was great and had some type of flavored sauce instead of just soy.  the salmon and tuna were also amazing.  they were cut perfectly and tasted like they were just pulled from the sea.  overall a really good sashimi "dinner", however i have to admit i did stop for pizza a few hours later.
this may be too harsh, but i think RESTAURANT_NAME is the only pittsburgh restaurant that can rival other restaurants of the same culinary category in major u.s. cities. perhaps not too surprisingly, it is reminiscent of morimoto of philadelphia RESTAURANT_NAME's executive chef, mr. shu, is said to have apprenticed under the famed iron chef.  the menu is not cheap. since i only go when i'm in the mood to splurge, i've only ever ordered the omakasi tasting menu. actually, in the market of tasting menus, a set that is still under $100 is arguably a bargain.   mr. shu uses fresh and high quality ingredients, and he prepares the dishes with a light sophisticated touch. of the multiple courses, my favorites are the tuna tartar and the kobe steak.  if i have to point to a weakness, it is that mr. shu's range is relatively narrow.  a bit more variety could really bring the meal to a whole new level.
you get what you pay for. i've never been even slightly disappointed. i've been coming here with a good friend for a few years, and it's a must every time i come back to town for a visit.   on our most recent visit i had the sushi platter entree. it comes with 8 pieces of nigiri sushi and a maki roll in the middle. the salmon nigiri is incredible. eat it slowly.  savor it!  i'm thinking about going back just for that one more time before i head back to arizona.   also, their desserts are exquisite.  the dessert menu changes, but again, i've never even come close to feeling disappointed.  i don't care much for sweets but the dessert here is so good that i order something every time.    p.s. don't wear a short skirt in case you get seated at a tatami table!
i ate one of the top 2 meals of my life in this restaurant.  it was the first time i had heard of "omkase" or chef's choice of many small courses, and despite the hefty pricetag, i was celebrating and opted to try it.  oh. my. god.   an absolute slamdunk.  i can't imagine going here and not getting that unbelivable sampler.  my mouth is watering as i type.
i believe i've found my new favorite restaurant. after being rather dissapointed with chaya last night, i decided to go to RESTAURANT_NAME tonight.  the staff was friendly and service perfect. there servers watch for you to dictate the pace of the meal.  beggining with the typical salad with ginger dressing: i was very happy with this dressing, just about perfect.  next the miso soup: i'm not generally a huge fan of miso soup, but this was probably the best preparation i've had. i could have gone for another bowl.   for my entree i chose the dinner sushi assortment. this was by far the best sushi i've ever tasted. as cliche as it may sound, every piece including fin which is notoriously tough was melt in your mouth good.  the accompanying sauces are not overbearing in the least, they merely enhance the flavor of the fish.  the pieces of nigiri themselves are bite size - as in 1 bite without looking like you're stuffing your mouth.  this is smaller than the giant balls of rice with large cuts of fish you often times see at other places. i rather enjoyed the size, but just wanted to make note of it. the tuna roll was also very tasty. i did not sample any other rolls tonight, but i'm sure i will be back to do so.  my dining companion had the chicken teriyaki.  the dish came out sizzeling from the back kitchen.  again, this was probably the best preperation of the dish i've ever tasted. the serving size was perfect, about 5oz of very tender breast meat, with accompanying vegetables and a small side of rice.  more than enough to satiate, without the need for a nap afterwards.   i didn't sample the desserts tonight, but i've seen others rave about them. i will definitely be back, as often as i can. i don't really care to try sushi anywhere else in pittsburgh.
went to this place with my friends. everything we had was amazing. the appetizers were delicious. this is what i ordered: 1. miso soup: was awesome!!!! very flavorful. my only complaint is there wasn't enough wakame for my likening. but over all, it was awesome!!   1. black cod with miso: this fish was cooked perfectly and literally melted in the mouth. the flavor was mild and perfect.   2. tuna tataki: this was slices of ahi tuna slightly seared from the outside and rare in the inside. it was to die for!!!   3. shrimp and asparagus maki roll: probably not a great choice to begin with, this was okay, nothing to rave about.   4. fuji maki roll: this had crab and avocado and sesame seeds on the outside. it was delicious!!!   5. my friend had the assorted sashimi. the serving was huge so i got to try some of his stuff. the white tuna was delicious as was the salmon.
this place is a true example of how quality far exceeds quantity.  i've had the omakase every single time i've gone there.  it's a bit overpriced considering you don't really get full after eating 8 courses. omakase = $80 not including tip  however, the quality is amazing! the rock shrimp has a spicy crunch to it that is extremely addicting.  the deserts can be amazing depend on what you choose. the 3 varieties of pan seared sashimi is absolutely melt in your mouth good.  if they just gave you bigger pieces enough for you to be full by the time you leave, i'd give this place 5 stars.
great sushi for serious sushi eaters.  the omakase is expensive but definitely the way to go. quite the adventure.  the sauces the chef puts on the sushi/sashimi is what makes the difference.  the black cod dish is unbelievable.
this place has the absolute best food i've ever eaten, not just in the sushi category.  my boyfriend and i went here for our anniversary and both had the omikase. we both love sushi and both agree that this was hands down the best sushi and japanese food we ever had. but, the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the portion size. i was perfectly happy with the portion size but my boyfriend was not. i think the disappointment came more from his expectation of 7 courses of an american meal. i, however, was expecting portions smaller than the typical american meal.   the restaurant is pricey, but if you love sushi you have to go. the sauces perfectly complement the fish. the shrimp was absolutely perfectly cooked. the food itself is to die for and worth the price, just don't go expecting american size portions.
anyone who says that there's no good sushi in pittsburgh and i've heard you say it, folks, right here on yelp! hasn't been to RESTAURANT_NAME yet. i'd been mostly satisfied, sushi-wise, by quality if standard places like little tokyo in the south side and chaya in squirrel hill before i went to RESTAURANT_NAME with my roommate last saturday.   the first major difference between RESTAURANT_NAME and the places mentioned above: price. RESTAURANT_NAME, a big burrito joint, is much more expensive than other sushi places in town. that said, if you have the dough, go for the $75/person omakase. we enjoyed eight courses 7 dinner + 1 dessert course, each one subtle and well-seasoned and incredibly fresh. now we're broke, but that's my cross to bear. the black cod and the nigiri course were stand-out favorites. the prices on the a-la-carte sushi, in contrast, looked only slightly more costly than others in town.  the second difference: innovation. sometimes, i just want straight-up, unadorned sushi, and when i do, i doubt i'll come back to RESTAURANT_NAME. however, if i'm looking for a fine dining experience, one where the ingredients are creative and innovative, i'll definitely return here. one of the best meals i've had in pgh yet!  a final caveat: don't forget to make a reservation. the restaurant was packed when we were there, and due to its small size, i doubt they can squeeze too many walk-ins in on a busy night.
best sushi in pittsburgh that i've found so far.  so what qualifies me as knowing good sushi?  first off i'm japanese american =  not saying that other ethnic backgrounds don't know what good sushi is.  by the reviews i can tell that they do.  but keep in mind i have been eating sushi my whole life!  the price of food is a little higher than one might expect  so if you're a casual sushi eater, you might think twice before coming here.  the restaurant setting feels pretty authentic.  be sure to make reservations.
RESTAURANT_NAME is a big burrito venture a local restaurant group, which means you're guaranteed to pay a decent amount for your dinner and there's a decent chance your dinner is going to be worth it.  some bb places are worth the cost and some aren't.  RESTAURANT_NAME, happily, is worth it.  it's still pricey, so this probably isn't the place to sate your random thursday craving for sushi, but it is an excellent special occasion place for the sushi lover.  up a few flights of stairs in a minimalist environment, RESTAURANT_NAME serves up excellent sushi and a really nice octopus salad, including some higher quality varieties you can't always find in the mid-range places--toro and uni spring to mind.  this is not the kind of place you order chicken teriyaki and if your date does order this, break up with him/her, RESTAURANT_NAME takes its suhsi seriously and the waitstaff is generally very helpful in navigating the menu, although i did have one experience there in which the waiter seemed like he was preening about his legitimate sushi knowledge.  the omakase is expensive, but worth it.  but obviously, you can still have a great meal at RESTAURANT_NAME without dropping $75+ a head.  excellent spot for a date or a small celebration.
i used to go to chaya in squirrel hill at least once a week, but since i've moved this past summer, it's been difficult to enjoy sushi as frequently.  thus, i decided to test out RESTAURANT_NAME based on the good reviews i found on the web.  sadly, i was grossly disappointed.  the interior decor is pretentious large water fountain in the middle of the dining room and "japanese style" paintings and decorations throughout and dark who likes eating in a place where you can barely see your food?.  the sushi was okay at best, but the quality of the fish certainly does not even come close to chaya's.  the dishes were overpriced for the quality of the food, basically you'd be paying for the fake ambiance.  i guess the waiter was nice in that he tried to explain our dishes, but frankly he does not know too much.  this is one of those americanized versions of an asian restaurant and not authentic key indicator: most of the patrons were not asian.  it was nothing that would make me want to come back.
ate here for the first time, very impressed, let the chef chose and we were very pleased with the taste, selection and presentation.  will be back!
a nice quiet atmosphere with good service and excellent food. i've tried many sushi places in pittsburgh, and flavor/presentation wise, this was clearly the winner. the sushi here is so good you want to just let it melt in your mouth and savor each piece. only drawback is the price! highly recommended.
my favorite restaurant in town.  here is the deal with RESTAURANT_NAME - if you are a casual sushi eater and just a fan of your basic rolls and stuff, don't bother going here.   RESTAURANT_NAME is expensive, rolls will seem small - same as the sashimi and nigiri.  however, it is so darn delicious i can't even describe it.  if i could, i would go to RESTAURANT_NAME every night.  it's simply that good.  it's well, well worth every cent you will spend.  also, try the rock shrimp.  oh man.  i think i am gonna go make a reservation right now.
this is a better than average- let's say very solid-  sushi restaurant.    we had the omakase and had some delicious bite sized courses.  but strangely the little bites never added up to feeling super full which could be a good thing, but devouring a chocolate pretzel dessert isn't really the perfect end to omakase.    the miso black cod was excellent, the sashimi was well executed, and clearly the chef had many, many years of traditional sushi training.  but for some reason my socks just weren't blown off.  more sushi and sashimi could have done the trick.  on the other hand the desserts were delicious and memorable which come from the restaurant downstairs- soba.  great atmosphere, attentive service and will def. go back.  at the same time, i'm open to finding alternatives in pittsburgh too optimistic?  and dr. freddie fu is a fan see autographed picture on sushi bar.  not sure what this means, but maybe if i return i will be further enlightened.
four stars because it is undeniable that it is tasty even with being pricey and small!.  the miso cod was excellent grade fish and a must-try.  interesting spin on sushi with some unique variations.  some smack:   1.  not many choices for sushi in pittsburgh, but this does not mean they should mark up sushi beyond even chicago prices!    2.   the host waited on us and when put on the spot about what was in a roll he was completely clueless...  3.   the greatest sin of all my table was sticky
went to RESTAURANT_NAME last night, and it was tough to get a reservation, which is usually a good sign. but actually, in retrospect, its just a sign that people are not aware of the quality of sushi that can be found elsewhere in pittsburgh. it was sad, really. we began with the miso soup, which was some of the best we have had. nice and hot, and perfectly seasoned. but it was downhill from there. the salad was just ok. mixed greens were wilted, but the dressing was tasty. we then moved on to the "good stuff," or so we thought... we began with the highly-recommended "yellowtail sashimi with yuzu jalapeo sauce" -- it was overly ceviche'd, and lost its freshness, replaced by a tough, dried-out quality. while a small sliver of jalapeno was a nice touch for sharpness, it didn't compensate for the poor quality preparation of the fish itself. we next had a spicy tuna roll which, i think, is a barometer for sushi quality in any restaurant. it was dry and average, at best. nothing special, but no egregious mistakes either. we moved on to the "sushi entree assorted", which had 8 pieces of assorted sushi, each consisting of a piece of fish: yellowtail prepared exactly like the previous dish but with rice this time; two pieces of salmon topped with of all things cream cheese and a cherry tomato come on, this was so disappointingly reminiscent of brunch -- where's the caper and english muffin?; mackarel which was less-than-tasty, again topped with a dollup of something indistinct and non-complementary; tuna average; red snapper maybe; and a paper-thin piece of mild whitefish, which tasted like rice, owing to its diminutive portioning; and a tuna maki roll, which was dry and shriveled and appeared limp, like it was prepared earlier that day. i was expecting an artful presentation, but was shocked at the lack of playful creativity that i, at that point, assumed might account for the inflated prices compared to other restaurants in the area since the quality of flavor was actually much poorer than other local places. next to us was seated a couple on a date, where the man was clearly trying to impress his lady both dressed very nicely and timidly fascinated by each other's every word and expression. i felt sorry for him, because he was either going to be disappointed with the meal itself, or oblivious to the fresh japanese seafood delights he could be exposing her to just a short drive away. this is not a place to take your love interest, unless she is impressed simply by the magnitude of a check and a mere patina of fine dining. our waitress was sweet, patient, and knowledgeable, and i couldn't help but wonder if she would recommend RESTAURANT_NAME to her family. i doubt it. we concluded with a dessert that was simply delicious, playful and contemporary -- and weren't surprised to find that the desserts are actually part of the menu of their "sister-restaurant," soba which is a wonderful place. it was the soba banana split - an unusual and tantalizing update of the original which, i believe, was originally invented in pittsburgh. overall, the portions were small and unsatisfying, which would've been ok if the flavors were outstanding, but they were not. not at all! i was shocked, and realized that a restaurant that should be credited with exposing the local eaters to fine japanese cuisine years ago, has fallen from its lofty perch atop pittsburgh's international dining choices. and fallen far. so insular a chef can become when his cuisine is lauded for so long, that he can become ignorant of the ever-rising quality of his competition. i suggest RESTAURANT_NAME's chefs explore other restaurants and realize that they no longer have a monopoly on daily freshness, and that their creativity, like their salad, has become stale. to people seeking high-quality sushi in the area, i must strongly recommend ichiban in aspinwall, and before you question my credibility in recommending a restaurant nestled in a strip mall, think about what makes sushi wonderful. if unwavering freshness, playful inventiveness and sense of fun mixed with elegant presentation and even nice wine pairings, exactness in execution and preparation, thoughtful proportions as well as portions are qualities that not only enhance experience but even define japanese cuisine, then ichiban gets it right. RESTAURANT_NAME, i'm afraid, is way past its prime. it's not that RESTAURANT_NAME is so bad. it's just not that good. nothing special. i can say i have tried several other places in pittsburgh, trying to find a suitable place to satisfy my frequent cravings for fresh raw seafood with a characteristically japanese seriousness in its execution and levity of presentation and flavor combinations. ichiban is the place that is consistently able to capture this "essence" of japanese cuisine. but there are others that are also better than RESTAURANT_NAME, which should no longer, by any means, be considered a standard.
this is the real deal...in pittsburgh. don't expect flop down for a casual california roll here. they take the sushi and the experience very seriously. the downside is that it you'll never be satisfied with average sushi again.  pro tip: make reservations days in advance.
my husband and i used to live in the san francisco bay area, so our standards for sushi are very high.   RESTAURANT_NAME exceeds those standards. it is easily the finest quality fish we've ever had, consistently, in pittsburgh. ask what is fresh today. the miso cod makes me weep with its awesomeness, but does take some extra time to make, so warn them if you are in a hurry.  a good deal for them is to get rolls made into handrolls. so handrolls are about $5-7/roll, but pretty filling. eat them as soon as you get them, because they toast the seaweed. so good! my husband gets spicy tuna handrolls and i get salmon/avocado handrolls.  the downside is that it is very pricey and the portions are small. if i could give this place a 4.5 stars for the portion size, i would.  the waitstaff are funny and attentive. at least, we seem to keep getting the same guy, and he recognizes us and laughs at us when we order a ton of handrolls.  i'm not keen on the tatami area--it's neither that comfortable nor a true tatami area, and it seems like a huge pain for the waitstaff to have to bend like that--but the setting itself is tranquil and lovely.  reservations highly recommended. they do not do take-out because it ruins the quality of the food.  you can get desserts off the soba menu downstairs. they are pretty uniformly tasty, ranging from super-sweet to barely sweet. i'm particularly partial to the chocolate mousse "sushi,"--e.g., thin cantaloupe slices as ginger, green tea mousse as pretend wasabi, etc.   if you want the best fresh raw fish in town, this is the place to go.
according to the pittsburgh magazine, this is supposedly one of the best 25 restaurants in pittsburgh. clearly they have never been out of their city, county or state. i suggest they take a trip to philly and try some of the good japanese food. regardless, the snapper/fluke/yellowtail yuzu jalapeo is a nice touch, but not a must try. service is sketchy here at best.
this is a great place to go for a special dinner. i've been here twice, and on both occasions had a wonderful three hour long dinner. the food is delicious, the atmosphere is pleasant and relaxed feeling, and the waitstaff are friendly. my only complaint about RESTAURANT_NAME is the exorbitant price!
first off, i cannot comment on the food.  i went on a sat at 6.00 thinking it was early enough to not be too busy.  i had checked their website about reservations and didn't see anything so assumed they didn't take them.  we wanted to sit at the bar anyway.  when we got there, the place was about 1/2 full at best.  he told us there were no open reservations until 9.00 then why is the place half empty?  that was fine by us, we wanted to be at the bar which had no one at it.  he told us that to sit at the empty bar, we had to spend $50/person minimum.  what?!  now, i was prepared to spend some money, believe me, but what if i don't like the menu or i run out of time for dessert?  so, we weren't allowed to sit at the bar or a table.  we were pretty shocked so went somewhere else that didn't have a minimum spending to sit at a fuller bar.    i will never go back.  they completely turned two cute girls away that were ready to spend probably $80 in 45 min and had a pretentious attitude about it.
RESTAURANT_NAME is alright.  what i mean by this is that the food is high quality, and the service is high quality, but for some reason, i'm never completely satisfied when i leave.  let's start with the good:  they have great quality sushi.  they have interesting taste combinations.  the decor is fun, especially if you sit in the "traditional" seating area where you don't actually sit on the floor if you can ever manage to get in and out of this seating in a graceful manner, kudos to you.    but, the portions are small, and every time we've eaten here, we come away with the sense of, "great meal, but holy moly.  dunno if it was $xxx good."  we'll continue to come, but probably only if someone else is paying.  in the meantime, it's off to tamari we go.
i'm going to start off by making the very bold statement that for most of last 10 years, RESTAURANT_NAME has been the best restaurant in pittsburgh.  it's not just the best japanese restaurant which it is by an extraordinarily wide margin, but the best overall restaurant in the city.  why such acclaim you might ask?  the answer lies in RESTAURANT_NAME's consistency in providing delicious cuisine with outstanding service.  i'm embarrassed to say it, but when i first went to RESTAURANT_NAME about 10 years ago has it been that long already?, i didn't like sushi.  i thought the texture was strange and it tasted too fishy.  the first time i had the omakase at RESTAURANT_NAME, the veil was lifted over my eyes.  never had i imagined that japanese food could be so delicious!  the constantly changing flavors and textures with each subsequent course was mind-spinning.  it would not be hyperbole to say that it was life-altering because it opened my eyes to the world of finer cuisine and made me want to seek out foods that i had been too afraid or stubborn to try in the past.  on a recent visit to RESTAURANT_NAME, i was surprised to see that there had been a change to the omakase menu.  it was always as big as you wanted to make it like troy polamalu who likes the $250/person omakase, but now there were 3 options of a 7-course plus dessert, an 11-course plus dessert, and a "trust mr. shu" omakase.  when i inquired what that meant, they said "that's what the steelers get."  on this occasion, my buddy and i got the 11-course omakase.  it was delicious as always and included a dizzying array of sashimi preparations, the much-acclaimed miso cod, and spicy and tender rock shrip tempura.  a very pleasant surprise was a new course served in two spoons.  one had poached lobster and the other had kobe beef.  each was covered with fois gras.  this was absolutely decadent and brought back memories for me of the fois gras sushi in o-ya in boston which was the new york times best new restaurant in the u.s. a few years ago.  RESTAURANT_NAME's biggest criticism has always been that it's too expensive.  although it's true that it can easily be the most expensive restaurant in pittsburgh, you absolutely are getting your money's worth.  from very personal and somewhat disappointing experience, high-end japanese restaurants in bigger cities are just as good as RESTAURANT_NAME but much more expensive like sometimes twice as expensive.  i'll also make the bold statement that for what you get, RESTAURANT_NAME is a steal and pittsburgh has been very lucky to have it.  service is always outstanding.  on my most recent visit, drew was our waiter who in my opinion is one of the nicest and best waiters in the city.  that really adds to the experience.  also on my most recent visit to RESTAURANT_NAME, i was very pleasantly surprised that they had a free valet!  parking has always been terrible in that portion of ellsworth ave.  the valet made it so simple, and it was free!  kudos to big burrito for making that outstanding decision.  i don't think it's fair to blame the restaurant for not seating you if you don't have a reservation.  RESTAURANT_NAME is very small and is always very crowded on the weekends.  as mentioned in other reviews, you can sit at the normal tables or the sunken "traditional" japanese tables.  some advice from my wife is that if you're wearing a dress, don't sit at the sunken tables.  when you get up, you might be revealing more than you intend!
this is the best sushi in pittsburgh ever.. probably the best sushi i've ever had in my life!  my boyfriend and i are huge foodies and we make sure we always go to the best in every city we go to. being from new york and san francisco, we've had our share of sushi. from nobu to morimoto to sushi of gari in new york, i would say dr. shu at RESTAURANT_NAME blows them out of the water!  we've always gotten the tasting menu- except twice we've been there a dozen of times. although very overpriced, i would say only go here if you are ready to dish out the money and you would truly appreciate the value of the sushi you are getting.  if you think chaya has pretty good sushi and you're happy with their prices, i would say stick to chaya. you really need to appreciate good sushi and know what good sushi is if you are visiting RESTAURANT_NAME.   i would say that RESTAURANT_NAME is one of the best restaurants i've been to. it's up there with le cirque at bellagio and the four seasons in florence italy. yes, RESTAURANT_NAME is that good.
i took my boyfriend to get the omakase dinner at RESTAURANT_NAME as a christmas present - it seems like the best location to go for a special occasion, something really memorable.  we made a reservation for a saturday evening, and got a little dressed up - with the dim lighting and sleek decor, it's fun to wear something here besides regular ol' jeans.  the host was very friendly, taking our coats when we arrived, and our server was equally gracious.  RESTAURANT_NAME is a place with truly skilled service, one of the few places i've eaten in town with utterly professional staff.  they are knowledgeable and skillful, and they added tremendously to our dining experience.  the omakase dinner is pricey, i think around $85 per person for seven courses and dessert, which is what we got.  the eleven-course meal, at around $130, just seemed like too much for our first try at this.  alas, time has passed since our meal and i failed to write the courses down anyway, but here's the general scoop: most of the seven courses were prepared raw.  i'd say five out of seven.  there were 3-4 sashimi courses - just raw, unspeakably fresh fish dressed delicately in various sauces and flavorings.  one course was gently fried tempura rock shrimp, another was cooked - i want to say black cod, but the rest were sashimi or sushi, appearing incredibly simple but tasting complex.  we took our server's recommendation for sake - it was pricey, but floral and delicious.    my boyfriend raved about the meal as each course came and went - we both had a wonderful experience.  i will give it five stars, but i hesitate only because it was such a pricey experience.  i have no doubt that the fish was impeccably fresh and certainly worth paying for, but the bill for two of us was well over $200 including the sake.  and the food, while excellent, was extremely light and delicate.  now i'm not a big fan of being stuffed to capacity, but with an $85 meal, i hoped to have a little bit more food.  i was also hoping to have a little more variety - perhaps this was my ignorance, but i was surprised that 4 of the courses were sashimi - just four thin, amazing pieces of fish on a plate.  they were all wonderful - but it was a lot of sashimi.  i was hoping for something more substantial, more bold, perhaps?  but that doesn't change the fact that every bite of food we did have was of impeccable quality.  i'd recommend omakase only to those who are celebrating a special occasion, love raw fish, and are willing to pay over $100 per person for food and drink.  i think in the future, i'd come back and just order a variety of sashimi and maki.  and RESTAURANT_NAME was a class act, from start to finish, with outstanding service and chefs who are clearly passionate about their product.
i wanted to visit RESTAURANT_NAME at least twice before i felt like i could write a review.  not to sound like a snob just trying to emphasize a point here, but i am originally from southern california and can honestly say i have tried some of the best sushi and sashimi around.  after visiting RESTAURANT_NAME twice now, i can, for a fact, say that i have had the best fish here.  i cannot emphasize how flavorful and fresh the sushi and sashimi is!    of course, the freshness of the food doesn't come cheap.  i have been here twice with my boyfriend and our bill, excluding drinks, has always exceeded $100.  servings are on the smaller side so you have to get a couple of entrees.    anyway, the last time we went to RESTAURANT_NAME was on valentine's day.  i have a feeling that making reservations is always the way to go for this place, especially on special occasions and holidays.  during our visit, we got the oyster sashimi, miso soup, mixed seaweed salad, squid "pasta" with garlic sauce, the assorted sashimi entree and two different kinds of makis.  in addition, we also shared a dessert brought up from the soba lounge downstairs RESTAURANT_NAME shares a delicious dessert menu with soba.  there were only three oysters that came with one $15 order... i was a bit disappointed until i actually ate one.  it was the freshest oyster i have ever had and i am not exaggerating.  also, another pleasant surprise for me was despite the fact that the assorted sashimi entree was only supposed to come with one serving of miso soup and salad, our server during both visits served the both of us with the soup and salad without having to be asked.  i thought that was pretty neat.  the miso soup tasted like it was made from scratch.  i could taste the flavor of the miso and the soup was not too salty or watery.  the texture of the seaweed salad was what i expected it to be.  i mean, you can't really go wrong with a seaweed salad, right?  the squid "pasta" was just like how the name made it sound - squid that was thinly sliced like pasta, served with a sort of buttery, garlic, ponzu sauce.  they served this with white rice on the side. the sashimi entree had five different types of sashimi: red snapper, yellowtail, mackarel, tuna, and salmon.  goodness, i could go on and on about how absolutely delicious the sashimi was but i will not waste your time and just tell you to try it for yourself.  that is, if you are a fan of raw fish.  the makis we got were in small portions but were also delicious.  if i could go back and eat at RESTAURANT_NAME every weekend, i would.  alas, the prices do not fit my meager monthly budget.  however, RESTAURANT_NAME will always make the top of my list when dining out for special occasions.
i had some pretty high expectations for RESTAURANT_NAME, since it claimed to be the best sushi in pittsburgh.  those expectations kind of fell flat.  service here on a saturday night was atrocious.  we waited about 10 minutes before we were asked what we would like to drink and then another 20 min before we were asked what we would like to order.  not ok.  on top of that, our interactions with our waiter were just awkward.  something seemed to be up, like there was some tension going on with him and maybe the staff/kitchen?    as far as the sushi goes... it's pretty good.  i got some maki rolls, which were very good, but nothing spectacular.  miso soup... ok.  salad was ok.    the sashimi definitely seemed like a better option and something they took greater pride in.  the people next to us who had ordered some sashimi options and seemed quite satisfied.  if i come back again, i'll make sure to order sashimi.  however, i was so annoyed by the lack of service that i doubt i'll be back anytime soon.
i've been meaning to try RESTAURANT_NAME for what seems like forever, since i am a huge fan of soba downstairs. but it just seemed like i didn't have a reason since this is such a "special occassion" type of place. so i was super excited when sheryl t. organized a uye here. i wanted to let the dinner marinate in my head a bit before writing the review well actually, i've just been really lazy and terrible at writing reviews lately, and i'm not exactly sure what to say about it other than it was outstanding.  most of us did the 8-course omakase. the portions are interesting, it starts out with a couple very small plates tartare, sashimi and you're thinking like, "oh my god, i'm going to be so hungry after this." but they get more substantial with some nigiri and a couple warm plates, and finally a gigantic dessert and at this point you're like, "oh my god, that was way too much food." overall, the tasting menu played out nicely. my faves were the nigiri creative, but in a way that pays homage to sushi rather than bastardizing it...not that i don't like spicy-tuna-fried-scallop-topped-with-tuna-tataki etc etc...but this is not the place for that, the miso black cod simple, but done well, and the rock shrimp tempura the sauce was a little heavy for me, but the shrimp itself was light and succulent in a way that i didn't know deep-fried food could possibly be.  the desserts are the same ones found on soba's menu and as i said, they are pretty rich and ridiculous. actually, if i had any one thing i'd change, it would be that i would prefer a lighter dessert to complement the type of food here, but that could be because i'm just not a big dessert person. but it was pretty awesome to get to try every dessert on the menu! i guess that's what happens when six ladies go out to dinner together...haha  i would definitely come back again, although it is very pricey so it's not so much a place to come and stuff your face with maki, and more of a birthday/anniversary/graduation/other major life event celebration spot. so, i guess i just need to find an excuse to come back. thanks again for organizing, sheryl!!
excellent.  mr. shu is an artist.  i have been to RESTAURANT_NAME at least 40 times and have never had anything short of an excellent meal.  the service is always excellent and the fish shines every time.  if you have the time and can spring for it, the omakase is a wonderful showcase of all mr. shu has to offer.  some of my favorites include the red snapper with truffle, the black cod, the squid "pasta", and, of course, the salmon sushi, which my close friend and i simply call "crack".
very fresh sushi and great atmosphere. the chef gave us complimentary appetizers and desserts, but we gladly gave the house more business by ordering tasty sushi and drinks.
i can't believe i haven't reviewed this yet because it was simply incredible!  seriously folks, if you're looking for a nice night on the tahn, look no further!  and my words of advice: do the omakase tasting menu!  there's really nothing more to tell you other than you will find it incredible, i guarantee!    the omakase tasting menu is either a seven course or eleven course dinner with dessert.  it's indulgent and worth every penny at $85 and $130 respectively.  the plates served to you are small, but honestly not as small as i thought they'd be and the desserts, seriously, massive!    we had the salmon tartare, sawara seared with hot sesame oil, fluke sashimi, black cod with miso, tuna shashimi rock shrimp tempura and an array of sashimi toro, snapper, salmon, tuna and saward.  honestly everything was fantastic and fresh, just like fish should be.     like i said, the desserts were all amazing and most of the choices were very rich.  i really enjoyed the chocolate maki and the inventive house made ice creams.    the overall experience blew me away.  from the service, to the food to the atmosphere it's a perfect 5 star place and if you live here and haven't been, don't wait any longer!
my friend and i went there last night and it was so good i can't stop thinking about it.  even if i could stop thinking about that dinner, i'll be reminded of it every time i check my bank account balance because RESTAURANT_NAME must be the japanese word for "you think you can afford this, but you cannot."  i will absolutely dine at RESTAURANT_NAME again.  i wish i'd ordered the omakase, which is $85 but provides a sampling of everything and from the other reviews here it looks like a lot of people recommend it.  i advise ordering the omakase because while $85 seems pricey, you're bil is going to be close that anyway.  i know i keep talking about money and it makes me sound like a peasant, but having abject sticker shock at the end of any dining experience is never fun.  it was, however, worth it.  my friend and i ordered a bunch of different things and everything was excellent!  we had:  vegetable tempura miso soup white tuna sashimi which basically melts in your mouth tuna tataki salmon with mushroom sashimi sawara w garlic ponzu which was good but we found the garlic a little overwhelming california rolls tuna and cucumber rolls spicy tuna rolls at least 4 carafs of sake  i highly recommend this place, this would be a good place to go on a date if you aren't paying or if you are traveling with a corporate credit card.    make reservations.  we were there on a wednesday and the guy who answered the phone to take my reservation acted like he was doing me a favor to fit me in.  it was a little crowded, but we were able to sit at a tatami table.  pro tip:  wear pants.  a family w kids sat at the tatami table across from us and it was a bitch to get out of the tatami table while wearing a maxi dress without flashing everyone. which is impressive since it was a long skirt.  in summary:  go to RESTAURANT_NAME, but only if you aren't paying.  trust your servers recommendations, and get the salmon & mushroom sashimi
i've been to RESTAURANT_NAME for sushi several times and haven't been disappointed in the quality of the fish.  yes, it's delicious and high quality food.. so why the four stars you ask?   because it's just a bit too pretentious for my taste.  yes, it's great quality fish and yes, the decor is very traditionally beautiful japanese... but what you read about the snobbery is true... 50$pp minimum @ the sushi bar? please.    i agree with a previous reviewer, it's beautiful, high quality food and service... but i always leave feeling like something is missing.
i ate here this past friday evening with my girlfriend for dinner.  we decided to come here since it was the last of the big burrito restaurants that my girlfriend had not tried.  the inside of the restaurant is quaint with a sushi bar on one side where you can watch mr. shu ply his craft and many tables on the other longer side of the restaurant.  there are also a decent amount of sheet metal fish sculptures throughout the restaurant which i enjoyed looking at.  whenever our server came over, we queried him about a few of the RESTAURANT_NAME specials and in addition to the information about the dishes he told us that they were essentially big appetizers which was good to know.  after hearing that we decided to start off our meals with the sawara with garlic ponzu and squid pasta with garlic sauce.  since we had also both ordered entrees with my girlfriend getting the terayaki salmon and myself the seafood tempura with a side spicy tuna maki, our meals actually started with a miso soup and ginger dressing salad.  there was nothing special with either although i do always enjoy both at many sushi places. soon after we finished those the sawara came out and it was a spanish mackeral cut into 7 pieces with a tiny sliver of raw garlic on top surrounding the garlic ponzu.  we were instructed to wrap the fish around the garlic and dip it into the sauce which we both did.  the combined flavors were very enjoyable with the standout being the sauce.  after that our squid pasta came out which was some squid that looked julienned and then seared with some shitaki mushrooms and asparagus on top of a bed of garlic sauce.  this dish was interesting for me as i was not a big fan of having the squid in the sauce alone but really enjoyed it whenever i combined it with some of the vegetables.  the shitake mushrooms might actually have been the best that i have ever had as they seemed to melt in your mouth.  after we had finished the plate our server ended up bringing out a side of rice onto which he poured the sauce from our now empty dish.  in doing so he explained that the sauce was too good to waste.  after trying the sauce covered rice my girlfriend and i both readily agreed with him.  finally after making our way through all of the other courses, our entrees came out.  my seafood tempura ended up consisting of broccoli, asparagus, crab, fake crab and a single piece of fish all breaded in tempura with a side of soy sauce.  this dish was actually the biggest disappointment of the evening for me for a few reasons including the single piece of fish and also that it seemed to lack the depth of flavors that the rest of the dishes so nicely displayed.  thankfully my maki was delivered at the same time and had a flavor punch that diverted me from the much more vanilla tempura.  since i am not a huge fan of salmon i did not try my girlfriends dish but she did assure me that she enjoyed it whenever i asked her about it.  the bottom line for me is that i would definitely be back in the future.  i am not so sure that i would order an entree again but i would certainly love to try more of their creations and could probably make a meal of their maki and sushi.
best sushi i've had in pittsburgh. the white tuna was great! the portions are very small, so we kept ordering more and more dishes as we ate.
there isn't a day that goes by that i think of what we could have done with that $400 we spent.  went for my birthday, got the 11 course tasting.  were so amped up for it, and then..........   course after course we were disappointed.  it wasn't as if it tasted bad although one course did it was that 3 pieces of sashimi prepared with a different ponzu sauce for about 5 out of 11 courses is not gonna get the job done if you expect it to be worth it.  we honest to god didn't see what the big deal is.  believe me, we love sushi!!!  if little tokyo in mt lebo would just spice up their menu a bit with some different applications, they would be the best place to go.  for the price we paid, we were let down hard.  oh! plus i love kids, but on a saturday night there were kids everywhere! i counted 12 little kids running around the place.  i am sorry, but it just didn't fit the atmosphere.  i have gotten chefs tastings all around this city, new york, france, italy...  none were ever this expensive.  most, had wine included with each, and left me excited, full and not upset that i just spent a fortune on it.  i do not think i will return here again.
was really looking forward to trying RESTAURANT_NAME as i had heard great things! however i was disappointed- mostly with the ambiance and portions. we went on a beautiful fall night; however, the place was empty. i am always skeptical when is a restaurant isn't bustling with people!   for appetizer, i ordered the lobster miso. highly recommend the lobster miso as there was a decent amount of lobster in the soup.   for my meal, i ordered the black cod with miso. the quality of the fish was incredible! however, the portion was tiny. i was not satisfied after my meal. looking back, i should have ordered a side of rice to complete my meal. my boyfriend ordered the sushi platter which was much better value for your money. if i go back, i will definitely order that.   what did fill me up was the dessert: the chocolate pretzel. it looked like a work of art when it arrived but of course was demolished in under 10 minutes by my fork!
i simply love RESTAURANT_NAME and have for many years. i live away from pittsburgh now, but when i'm in town, it tops the list. oiishi!
yummy asian fusion. delicious cocktails. cool ambiance.
based on past yelp reviews, i had two main concerns with dining at RESTAURANT_NAME: the expense and the small portion sizes.  luckily, neither of these turned out to be an issue.  in fact, my boyfriend and i were able leave feeling satisfied and without spending over $100 not including tip.  although i had heard rave reviews about the omakase tasting menu, we decided to order off the menu.  we went with the vegetable tempura appetizer and ordered the sushi and sashimi platters to split as our entrees.  the platters both came with miso soup and ginger salad.  the sushi platter came with one small 6-piece maki roll and 8 pieces of sushi.  the sashimi platter was presented in a bowl of ice and consisted of five varieties of fish.  everything was very tasty and obviously high-quality.  a pic of our order: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESTAURANT_NAME-pittsburgh?select=ahz3ixr2boyqfttvvkeqhg#ahz3ixr2boyqfttvvkeqhg  at this point, we had eaten vegetable tempura, miso soup, salad, and a variety of sushi and sashimi.  we were still a little hungry, but decided some dessert would do the trick.  we observed what some of the diners around us had ordered, and decided to go with the ice-cream sandwich dessert.  if the sushi and entree portions here are considered small, the dessert portions are definitely normal or even large.  the table next to us had ordered a delicious looking banana sundae with three scoops of ice-cream, and i've heard the chocolate pretzel dessert is awesome too...next time!  when it was all said and done, my boyfriend and i had ordered two drinks, an appetizer, soups and salads, two entrees, and dessert, all for about $98.  not too bad, and probably comparable to other high-end restaurants in pittsburgh.  my only complaints...i wish the lights had been a bit more dim, and we were absolutely freezing during our meal.  it seemed as though a door or window was open somewhere behind us and was letting in a gust of wintery air.  however, the ambiance overall was very enjoyable, and i would definitely recommend this restaurant for a date night or special occasion.  the free valet parking is a great perk too.
verdict: the best meal i've had in pittsburgh! yes - this beats out the likes of casbah, eleven, nine on nine, and tamari.  food: excellent. having heard enough good things, we opted for the omakase chef's choice. course after course of sensationally prepared sashimi and nigiri-sushi, with sauces that were flavorful enough to set off the fish, yet delicate enough not to overpower it.   mr. shu presented us with maguro tuna, hamachi yellowtail, hirame fluke, kanpachi young yellowtail, saba mackerel and a few others. miso soup, of course. there was one cooked course - a buttery soft fillet of cod that simply melted in the mouth.  the culinary delights continued with desserts. i got the chocolate maki, which was rich and delicious. thankfully, it was also the only time that maki made any sort of an appearance at the table. truth be told, i was a little apprehensive that the omakase would include a few courses of maki, especially since the table next to us seemed to be busy wolfing down california rolls.  all in all, an excellent tasting menu. portion sizes were just right, with enough food to leave you happily sated, but not stuffed. i was surprised to see reviews complaining about the small portion sizes - sushi is not something that you traditionally expect to find in cheesecake factory size portions!  service: service was about average. servers were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, but a little on the slow side. we had a reservation and we were seated within a few minutes. it took us a little while after we were seated for them to get our drink order and there were a few other times when we were looking for a server but couldn't find one.   ambiance: this is really the only thing i'd knock about RESTAURANT_NAME. i feel like they had the potential to really go for an upscale japanese look and didn't. instead, it feels a bit haphazard, with a mish-mash of a traditional and contemporary that doesn't quite mesh. it's by no means bad though - it was comfortable and enjoyable - just not up to its potential.  bottom line: this is a place you can take your friends who are visiting from nyc or philly and have it more than hold its own. do yourself a favor and skip the grocery store rolls and go for the omakase.
being a big sushi fan, i can't believe i went almost four years in pittsburgh with 2 in shadyside without going to RESTAURANT_NAME. the food was very good, but it was really the service, venue/seating, and ambiance that helped make the experience. we had a reservation but choose to wait a few extra minutes for the tatami seating, so we enjoyed a quick drink downstairs while we waited. having never sat at a table like this before, it was quite a fun experience.  we started with the stuffed shiitake and the edamame, but which were delicious. next we had the sawara seared with hot sesame oil and the red snapper with truffle oil. the sawara was the one fish that i was not excited by - i thought it was pretty bland and the sesame oil didn't do much to help. the red snapper, however, made up for it. it was the freshest snapper i've had since moving to the 'burgh and it was complimented perfectly by the truffle oil. i could have eaten just this for dinner and been satisfied. we also tried one of the assorted sushi plates which came with salmon, fluke, tuna, and a few others - they were all great. i know we ordered a few other dishes as well but they are slipping mind at the moment. to finish the night we had the sesame ice cream, which i have never had before. our waitress described it as "peanut-buttery" which i didn't understand until i tried it, and that is the best description i can think of now. it was quite tasty. the wines and sake are also good! come thirsty!
one of the best sushi experience i had so far. i was on a short visit to pittsburgh and looking for a good sushi joint for dinner, went by the yelp reviews and as always it was a good experience.   i tried their sushi assorted which comes with soup and salad. soup and salad were amazing to start with and sushi combination was pretty good. overall with couple of drinks it costed me 50$ but it was worthwhile i would say  service was very professional and attentive, and the overall ambience was awesome.  i would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good sushi.
i met a friend for dinner here on friday night.  it is a very cool atmosphere and has the perk of complimentary valet in shadyside.  the food was excellent.  the waiter recommended the seafood tempura, which met expectations.  i recommend reservations, as the dining area is small.  it's also pricey, so make it a special occassion.
be sure to try the el jefe! ;  * transparency: i visited RESTAURANT_NAME twice, while visiting pittsburgh every week for a matter of months during the fall of 2012. RESTAURANT_NAME was one of our team's favorite venues.
date & time of visit:  may 21, dinnertime  i don't know what this place was thinking with their eighty-five-dollar, eight-course tasting menu.  that menu had microscopic-size courses and the taste, after the first two 2 courses, were repetitive--and mostly on the sweet side.  moreover, the place has the sticky feel that one would associate with divey restaurants.  as for their restroom, only one and a unisex one at that.  and yes, there was urine on the floor.
yay for delicious sushi in pittsburgh!  i haven't tried the omakase yet, but it looks mouth-wateringly good and a really good deal compared to other cities where high end japanese restaurants are more common.  the chef's choice sushi is great if you don't want to go for the omakase.  the miso cod is delicious, as is everything else we have tried.  we will be back.
hands down best sushi in pittsburgh.  it's pricey, but worth it, the chef even uses the same fish supplier as nobu, which explains how pittsburgh can get a big city taste on our very own ellsworth avenue.
went to RESTAURANT_NAME last night on a first date.  the wine was delicious, had two glasses of sauvignon blanc, and ordered 4 rolls to share.  spicy tuna was delicious, there was no spicy mayo, but it didn't even need it.  the spicy softshell crab roll was amazing and i stuffed it into my mouth as usual because its a larger sized sushi.  the most delicious was the eel and cucumber roll.  the other was the green fuji, this was different and delicious.  for dessert we ordered the chocolate covered pretzel and it was out of this world.  chocolate mousse, chocolate salty pretzel rounds stacked on top of each other with caramel drizzled over the entire thing.  i'd go back just for dessert.  i'd also like to try some entrees but we were there just for sushi.  will definitely go again.
delicious. we got a couple plates and just split them up... but the cucumber eel maki roll was perfect. eel not too overpowering. also the... shoot i forget the name but it was the green something. also very good. quiet place. good service.  then we had an assorted tray of sashimi. a few weird ones but overall very good sushi.
quality ingredients prepared perfectly. excellent service, as well. favorite sushi restaurant in pittsburgh.
my favorite sushi in the city of pittsburgh. i gave 4 stars and not 5 due to cost $$$$! we try to eat here at least 3 to 4 times a year. the sushi is the freshest and most tasteful. i lived in los angeles for 8 years and was spoiled the sushi restaurants.   i have introduced numerous friends to sushi at RESTAURANT_NAME that had never eaten sushi before and now they love it. i have brought friends who thought their local place was good and i said that i am a sushi snob. once they tried RESTAURANT_NAME they understood what i meant and how better their sushi was.   try the spaghetti squid  along with the miso crusted black cod.
best sushi i have had in any us city.  best restaurant in pitt hands down.
excellent cocktail menu first of all, followed by an excting dinner menu that has not failed yet. sushi has always been fresh and perfectly presented. i've made this a regular on my dining rotation.
i love coming to RESTAURANT_NAME to celebrate any occasion, big or small. it's become a fun celebratory spot for my husband and me. we find it's possible to get out without spending an arm and a leg if you do it right. don't expect to get stuffed, or else you will be spending beaucoup bucks. but like i said, it is possible to eat here for a reasonably. i recommend starting with a starter such as the tuna sashimi, but don't waste $7 on edamame that you could buy at trader joes. then start with 6 or so rolls. you can always order more later if you are still hungry.  i love the pinot gris by the glass from the willamette valley. its crisp acidity goes perfectly with maki rolls and sushi.  the white tuna sashimi is a perfect starter. my mom who hated anything resembling raw fish before coming to RESTAURANT_NAME couldn't get enough of this. it's a must.  the white fish and mint is my favorite roll. something about the brightness of the mint against the subtle, freshness of the white fish makes this roll absolutely to die for. i also can't get enough of the salmon sushi. it's topped with cream cheese and cherry tomato. our waiter recommended it to me once, and i have to order at least one piece every time i go!  they use soba's dessert menu, so it's great that i can get all my favorite soba desserts when i come to RESTAURANT_NAME.
best sushi in pittsburgh. small restaurant so definitely make reservations and try the omakase. like the tatami mat seating as well.
this used to be our favorite place when we first moved to pittsburgh two years ago.  it had good quality fish and a nice atmosphere/cool staff.  as of our last visit, about two months, ago, the menu still had not changed, the portions of fish were smaller while prices stayed the same, and the atmosphere was on par with that of a hofbrauhaus.  a drunken man knocked into our table on his way storming out of the restaurant which was immediately proceeded by the members of two different large tables rising from their chairs and yelling obscenities at each other.  it literally looked like there was going to be a brawl.  the members of these tables fairly quickly left the restaurant; however, the staff and manager simply acted as if nothing had happened.  no one came by to see if things had spilled on our table which was run into.  it was absolutely not the experience we expected to have, and it is a disappointment that this place has gone downhill.
absolutely superb!  the price tag is a bit steep but i was prepared after reading reviews first.  i will say, i am not a sushi, sashimi or even a seafood connoisseur but RESTAURANT_NAME has opened my eyes--or at least broadened their view and tastebuds--to these wonderful foods.  i always stick to the boring rolls i.e. cali, boston, alaskan etc. but coming here i knew i had to branch out and actually try some of the raw stuff.  i had the 7 course and it was auh may zing.  i hate "fishy" tasting dishes and none of the courses even resembled the taste seafood unless you chose to eat the black cod with the skin.  my favorites were the tartare, the black cod and the sashimi at the end.  if you are iffy about sushi/seafood this is the place you need to be to try it!  my boyfriend hates sushi so i made dinner reservations for this friday so he can taste how great 'real' sushi is.  he's reluctant to try but i know he's going to love it once he does!
delicious sushi, very professional wait staff, but probably won't go back for a few reasons.    the restaurant is in shadyside on the top floor of a 3 floor building.  get ready to walk up two steep flights of steps.  i hope you have a reservation, because there is no waiting area at the top.  you have to walk aaallll the way back down 2 flights of steps and wait at the bar, then walk back up when your table is ready.  they won't let you sit at the sushi bar unless you order from some special menu.  it was just silly.  wife and i each got a sushi platter entree $30.  it came with 8 small pieces of nigiri sushi and a salmon roll cut up into 6 small pieces.  each piece of nigiri had a different garnish on it, such as garlic aioli, cream cheese etc.  this was a nice touch and enhanced the flavor a good bit.  it really was good sushi, but the quantity was about 4 nigiri pieces short of acceptable for me.  on the plus side, the platter includes miso soup & ginger salad.  i'll say this is a nice place, but it's just not for me.  i'd rather go to sushi kim in the strip, get twice as much sushi for the money and have a table right away.  i spent over $70 here and left hungry.  how can i possibly go back?
paid $1100 for the required course - party of 6 - and unfortunately did not come close to feeling satisfied in any regard - sorry guys - not a fan and way overpriced
one of the best omakase i've ever had.  $130 per person for 11 course, and you can go on and add on more courses if you want worth every penny! better than nyc or la, what a gem! came here a second time for my anniversary dinner! it would be a waste to order normal sushi rolls here which i saw quite often and not sit at the bar to enjoy mr. shu's amazing, amazing creations live. mr. shu was a chef at nobu nyc years ago and has definitely surpassed them in terms of quality and taste of his creations. this place is only worth it if you are a serious sushi connoisseur and if you are going to order their omakase.
absolutely delicious - and the prices is pretty up there too.  we had the 5 course chefs special. everything was perfect.  the service was beyond superb. what a lovely place. if i lived in pgh i'd visit this place more often - if my checkbook would allow for it.  pricey, fancy, fresh sushi - small servings - remember that if your hungry.
the taste is unbeatable, but the prices are so expensive that after spending $150 you'll still be hungry!
i'm very surprised at the quantity of low reviews for this place, as i think it has the best sushi in the city and is one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh.  yes, it is pricey but i think it's safe to assume that the quality and freshness of fish here is a little bit higher than the stuff you see at your local giant  eagle.    i definitely suggest trying the wasabi tobiko $4 per piece.  such a unique piece of sushi, and one of the reasons i've been counting down the days until my next visit to RESTAURANT_NAME.
over rated.  i paid double what i paid at a world class restraunt in dubai, uae.  ridonkulas prices for then smallest portions of sushi ever.  i have been to other places way better taste and pricing.  your paying for the city really.  i have a plate twice the size of what i got here.  whst i got here cost me 150 bucks.  what i got at this other place.  75 after tip.  taste = same.
omikase special is the way to go.  i have never liked mackerel.  i was told it would be one of the dishes and that if i didn't like it my meal would be free.  i couldn't even pretend i didn't like it.  each dish the chef made was amazing!
the best japanese restaurant in pittsburgh, have to try the omakase which is absolutely deserve 100 bucks! enjoy it
we kept being told that RESTAURANT_NAME is hands down the best sushi in pittsburgh, so the expectation was already there.  people get really territorial about sushi and what is qualified as "the best" in each of our heads.  as for RESTAURANT_NAME, they get high marks in my opinion for for quality of sushi, quality of toro specifically, taste of rock shrimp entree and sea bass with miso.  our server benjamin was friendly, delightful and professional as well.    it was good and i am glad we went to experience RESTAURANT_NAME, but life is about managing expectations and despite my 3 stars, i too am not sure if i would go back.  i want to give it 4 stars on food alone, but the negative points which made me more inclined to give it 3 stars were:  1 only being able to get a reservation past 9pm any day of the week for many weeks in advance on open table built up my expectation of what i thought RESTAURANT_NAME would be  2 being turned away from valet at our 9pm arrival because it was full again, built up my expectation of how in demand RESTAURANT_NAME is  3 the long flights of stairs to reach the restaurant is a haul if you don't like or cannot walk stairs with ease.  although we are fit and able, we were advised that there is not an elevator to get patrons to the restaurant, but a person could be served RESTAURANT_NAME menu from soba restaurant on first floor.  not sure where the ada compliance is here, but even if they are up to code, seems bizarre in the 21st century to hear from someone that it is almost incredibly inconvenient to show up with an issue that would prohibit you from walking up stairs in order to be served at RESTAURANT_NAME.  but regardless, "stairway to almost heaven" again almost feeds into to expectation of "what is at the top" and what my experience will be.   4  venue space is indeed small and thus explains limited reservations.  it is a calming, welcoming, dimly lit designed room...felt cool, hip, modern in a way.  5  sushi quality was indeed there, but sushi portions are indeed small.  the rainbow roll is my barometer on sushi and thus my bar on comparing one sushi establishment to another.  portions do not need to be large to be considered great when it comes to sushi, but for $27 for a rainbow roll, the expectation is there that this is going to be so amazing it is going to rock my world.   quality was very good, roll was very fresh, but not $27 good.  the slices of fish on top of roll were too thin to be warrant the price.  i am happy to pay $27, but the restaurant set my expectation up and i was a little disappointed.  if the rainbow roll was $20, i might feel differently.    life is about managing expectations, so go to RESTAURANT_NAME and try it for yourself and you be the judge and write your own review.
after dining here on numerous occasions i decided to write a review..this place gets high marks for the quality of food.. first timers, just order the omakase and you will not be disappointed.. mr shu runs the show here and puts together a 7 or 11 course extravaganza. from the salmon tartar to the black cod with miso, everything is done to perfection and the quality is superb. the servers have been there for quite some time and know the dishes inside and out. we should all be so happy to have this gem of a restaurant here in the burg!
great service! great food!  tell me a better sushi in pittsburgh. omakase blows away trendy places like "blue ribbon sushi" in new york.  tastes are similar to the new style sushi at nobu.  yes the price is high but the consistency is there time and time again
it's good, but too expensive. i don't think the price worth the food. the portion is too small.
the quality, taste of food, atmosphere and service are all great. i got the omakase and it was unreal. only gave 4 stars bc it is super expensive here. it's worth a trip for the experience.
i must say, this place has my attention. what great food. apart from yellow tail in the bellagio, this was my favorite sushi experience in america.   we let our server choose all of our courses. had about 10 of them. every one better than the next. people moaning about portions or cost need to go to nakama and have crap rolls for $10. if you want decadence and creativity in your fish then go here.   true too of the line food. i was blown away at how my taste buds reacted from the dishes here. can't wait to go back. service was spot on.
ambiance, service and food a1!  the food was orgasmic and it was a very comfortable place to be able to talk with your friends, lighting was perfect and the service was exceptional. very knowledgeable staff and had a lot of passion for what they do!
my omakase 11 course chef tasting was one of my most rememberable dining experiences in pittsburgh. as he prepared our beginning courses, the chef and i spoke chinese together talking of our time in taiwan. as we entered our later courses, a couple from taiwan sat down. we were all speaking chinese together and had a really unique experience here in america.   the food was absolutely amazing! i kept myself hydrated between courses with the lychee fiz, followed by glasses of prosecco. each of the 11 courses was better than the previous one. if you are hesitating between the omakase tasting or the regular menu, i would definitely suggest for the 11 course option. you may still be hungry after 9 courses.    troy polamalu was in the dining room as well.
the specials especially the rock shrimp tempura were great. the sushis were good but nothing out-of-this world. all the food tasted great and the service was good.  the biggest problem was with the sizes of portions. we left hungry while paying something north of $100 for two, excluding tip. so it was a bit overpriced.  you definitely should try, but keep looking for other japanese restaurants.
my husband and i wanted to experience "the best" sushi/sashimi in pittsburgh so we heard rave reviews of RESTAURANT_NAME.. we went last week for our anniversary..  1. when we arrived 15 minutes early..we were sat right away..in the back.. which was great but noone came to offer us drinks or anything for 1/2 hour.  2. after 2 other tables around us were sat and served their drinks, a server  i thought she was the bartender the way she was acting came over, didn't even introduce herself...seemed annoyed first off.. she asked what we wanted to drink and left.  3. now, we did ask for the main waiter larry, which was a friend of a friend, but he didn't stop over until 2 and a half hours later- if we had him the whole time i think the experience would have been a lot better  4. most of the sushi we received had tons of sauce drowning the fish. if it's the best sushi selection in pitt, why drown them with sauces and put raw garlic on them! i was prepared for the small slivers/small rolls as i read comments about the food on tripadvisor beforehand but you couldn't even taste the fish! 5. every time we ordered something it took at least 20-25 minutes to get. we were in there forever! they were quick with the drinks though... at one point we looked around and noone had food in front of them  there were about 40 people in the place  6. you can't hear the person talking to you b/c it's so loud... i mean really loud. you'd think since you are paying $$$ the ambiance would be a little better.  my husband has worked in the food industry in the past and we eat out frequently - we love trying the new innovative restaurants around town, and we have never had such a bad experience. on top of that it was our anniversary. i have never placed a bad review of a restaurant until now.  i will not recommend this establishment in the future. it's so unfortunate though..i really thought they were going to be awesome.
all of the food was spectacularly prepared. fresh fish, flavorful sauces applied tastefully -- both the cold and hot dishes were crafted with love and care from the finest ingredients. no complaints there.   service staff were inviting and knowledgeable too. impeccable service, as you'd expect from this type of place.  however, we ordered the seven course omakase, and unfortunately i think it fell short. the courses were extremely small, even for omakase, and especially so for one at this price point. further, they served a cold dish between two hot dishes, making the sequence a little schizophrenic.   overall i had a good time. but if i come back again i'm not getting the omakase; it's a trap to be honest.
i'm so torn!  i thoroughly enjoyed RESTAURANT_NAME and really want to give it five stars, but i had to deduct one because of the "would i go back" factor.   here's what you need to know:  - the food is amazing.   i had the rock shrimp and the sushi dinner.   every bite was amazing.   the sushi was super fresh and the inventive little touches of sauce, herb, etc. were bright and flavorful.  the rock shrimp were perfectly done with just a touch of spice.   the ginger dressing was awesome and even the soup seemed a little superior.    - the service is amazing.  darryl was delightful.  attentive, friendly, professional, and informative.  he took his time explaining the menu and making recommendations.  at the end of the meal, he refilled water glasses without a word while we lingered just a bit it wasn't busy.    - the atmosphere is amazing.  it has an authentic feel and with nice accents and dim lighting to set the mood.   - the prices are insane.  picture a "normal" sushi restaurant, then cut the portions in half and double the prices - that's basically what you have here.  the food was fantastic, don't get me wrong, but i disagree with the reviews that say it's worth the money.   it's just not.   nigiri is $5-$8 per piece very small pieces - easily one bite.  maki goes all the way up to $27 for a rainbow roll or dragon roll, which are both pretty small for that price tag.  entrees are also small portions and only a handful of them come with the soup and salad to round out the meal.  the omakase tasting menus range from $90-$130 per person.  overall, expect to spend 3-4 times the amount that you'd normally spend on a good sushi dinner that won't leave you wanting a snack on the way home.  i just can't justify it.      - they offer valet parking in the lot, but then it's a trek up two long flights of stairs - not for the elderly or injured, for sure.     all in all, i had an amazing meal and loved the atmosphere, but this place is crazy overpriced to the point that i wouldn't return.
trust mr. shu, get the omakase, sit back and relax.  i've gotten the omakase multiple times and it never disappoints.  i always end up getting some nigiri as well.  if i could eat here everyday, i would.  my only complaint is their drink service is quite slow.  i had a three hour long dinner and only received one cocktail.  i ordered a second cocktail halfway through the meal and by the time we were finished it hadn't arrived.  whatever, i'm not a big drinker anyway.
fabulous 11-course omakase.  i've had many across the usa, you must visit this hidden gem.  pittsburgh knows its food, watch out nyc!
easily the best sushi i have had in pittsburgh.  the sushi is incredibly fresh, flown in daily from new york city, and the inverted tables make it a fun place to eat.  the staff was incredibly friendly and understanding when i wasn't sure what to do with the warm napkin upon sitting down.  although it is pricey, if you are looking for a special night out i would highly recommend RESTAURANT_NAME.
easily the best sushi in the city. it's apparent in the quality and freshness. we created our own tasting with the help of our extremely knowledgeable server and expectations were easily surpassed. the kobe beef is a necessity as is the sawara. they both just melted in your mouth with the best flavors! the prices are significantly higher than a normal sushi restaurant, but this is not a normal sushi restaurant. the fish is flown in from across the world and worth every penny.
i got food poison from their sashimi!! i saw the warning on the menu saying raw fish could get me food poison but i never expected that would actually happen to me in the "fancy" restaurant. also the other food is so average. not planning to come back and recommend everyone to stay away from this place.
this is a copy of my review for the event that this fine establishment hosted. i was not aware that the review would not show up on their restaurant page. i am kinda new at this! but yeah... here it is..            overall experience with the drinks was really good. the tai mule gave me a little tickle in the back of my tongue, with a taste of lemon and mint. the sangria was served with a orangeof course and was blended perfectly with fruity and wine. the desert drink was different for me as i don't usually drink something with such a kick. so with that said, i am not sure if it was brandy or whiskey. overall the drinks were fab.     the seared bar tuna was served with peanut and korean bbq sauce. it was very tasteful and not dry at all. my head needed a minute to wrap itself around how good it was.     the double salmon roll was very good. the salmon was definitely fresh and put together very nicely. the other roll was  cucumber and avocado. i enjoyed this one because you were able to taste everything, including the seaweed wrap, which has been a while for me, so i know it was fresh.     the korean fried chicken on a boa bunrice flour, with a tomato, cilantro, and sweet pickle was delish! i really with i could have had another one!.. and will!     the rock shrimp was very good as well, with a nice spice to it. it wasn't dry and was very flavorful. this was also served very cute in a paper cone.     the sea bass kabob was cooked with perfection! the meat was juicy and flavorful with a sweet tasting glaze, and was not overwhelming with a seafood taste.     the shishito pepper were mild and either grilled or chard. not sure if it had a taste of cayenne, but over all they were good. the edamame was good as well.     being that this was an special event, i can not really being critical of the actual service we received, i will have to do that when i come back for a regular visit, but it was very good.  the ambiance was very nice and romantic, casual, and comfortable. that's all i can say!
absolutely the best sushi in pittsburgh, maybe the best sushi west of the appalachian mountains. amazing atmosphere, quiet dining to allow you to focus on how good the food you are eating really is. its pricey, but worth it.
so, this was my third trip to RESTAURANT_NAME in as many years and this time we splurged on the 11-course omakase. the big daddy. we were, to say the least, excited to experience mr. shu's wild ride.  meh. of the 11 courses, 7 were three teeny shreds of sashimi dabbed with sweet soy and then topped with a micro-garnish. was the fish excellent? yes. did it taste good? yes. the miso cod was as yummy as ever and who doesn't love bang-bang bang shrimp, but there was literally nothing on the entire menu that made me say wow! also, the service was achingly, mind-numbingly slow not the server's fault, he couldn't bring out food until it was ready. it took us over three hours and too much sake which we mostly were drinking out of boredom and hunger to work our way through what could not have amounted to 10 ounces of food, total. somewhere around course 8 we realized we were still really, really hungry and that there was no hope of that changing particularly when the dessert course consisted of three tiny bites of candy.  we left there $450 poorer if i had realized the sake our server recommended was $50 for each tiny bottle i'd have not ordered more and stopped on the way home for cheeseburgers.  the atmosphere was, as always, lovely the tables in the back are the way to go and our server was fantastic, we actually had a fun evening, but i don't think i can ever justify a return trip for the cost - it's just not worth it.
RESTAURANT_NAME and soba are two of my favorite restaurants.  only the highest quality food and ingredients mixed with amazing preparations and exemplary service.  i enjoyed all my experiences at the big burrito restaurants.       never any surprises, just straight forward dining with a flare, in a comfortable atmosphere.
best sushi ever. we got the green fuji and salmon avocado rolls. best sushi i've ever had. good service, small and not overcrowded, however the tables could be a little bit farther apart. i don't like hearing the next table's conversation. valet parking is also free. a great dining experience and i will be back.
mr. shu has taken the nobu method and made it better. this restaurant is amazing big only because of the new style sushi but also the consistency of quality. i highly recommend the omakase.
located somewhat obscurely on the third floor of soba, RESTAURANT_NAME's sister restaurant, this is the finest upscale place in pittsburgh for sushi. all of parent company big burrito's restaurants have a high standard, but at RESTAURANT_NAME one quickly forgets that it's part of a larger entity, as it's so chef-driven. it's my understanding that RESTAURANT_NAME is only open when mr. shu is there, which explains why it's only open five days a week and closes for a summer vacation. the omakase option is simply awesome. there's an 11-course and seven-course option. i've only had the 11 and it's excellent. some of the courses look similar to one another with two or three pieces of fish, but the tastes and preparations definitely differ. my only complaint about it is that i wish it would change more from time to time. as it is, many courses are the same each time even many months apart, including the chef's spoons lobster and kobe beef, rock shrimp tempura and miso cod, with some of the other course with pieces of fish varying. i've been told that the seven-course options is only the same, but that the 11 varies, presumably in those additional four courses. more frequent and drastic changes would certainly keep me coming back. the service is always totally on-point, regardless of servers, though larry, who has worked there a long time tends to be popular. there's a great sake list as well. make sure your wallet is full. good things like this don't come cheap!
painfully mediocre: small rolls, $7.00 miso soup, drinks were reasonable. rolls small lacking substance. boring and expensive.  nice atmosphere but out of luck if handicapped...upper floor no access
two hours of new and delicious flavor.  got the omakase 11 course menu.  small portions of some of the most delicious seafood i've ever tasted.  the cod dish was in the top 5 things i've ever put in my mouth.  if you're trying to discover the whole food scene in pittsburgh, save up for this one and try it once.  you'll leave having had an experience that doesn't involve that stuffed feeling you'll be getting other places.
we really wanted to like RESTAURANT_NAME since there were many good reviews. unfortunately, we will not go back there. each potion was very small and expensive. one of dishes we ordered was 'spicy tuna salad' and what it came was tiny potion of marinated tuna. it was good, but that's it. no greens whatsoever.   most food came on a boring plain white plate: just like something we use at home everyday.  i probably would not care if it was $10 meal, but since they are charging a lot of money, presentation could be better.   selection of sake was disappointing as well. they only had one mediocre quality sake and one type of sho chu. perhaps customers prefer drinking something else.   wine and spirits store on penn ave has much better selection of them.  having said that, all seafood was fresh and good quality. so if you don't mind spending a lot of money to taste small potion of good quality seafood, RESTAURANT_NAME is a good place for you.
my wife & i had wanted to visit RESTAURANT_NAME for some time.  everything we had read & heard indicated that it would be a great experience.  while there was nothing bad about our food, there was nothing special about it either, certainly nothing that would cause me to spend that much money there again.  it was good but not great and definitely not worth what they charge.
great bar and easy to dine in the bar. wonderful food. high recommend: ribs, pork in lettuce leaf, korean fried chicken. friendly waiters, always accommodating.
will never eat at another sushi place in pittsburgh after eating here. quality is comparable to nobu.
i cannot recommend this restaurant. i've spent a good amount of time in japan so when i go to whats supposed to be the best japanese restaurant in pittsburgh i have to compare experiences. i did the $130 11 course omakase. each course was good. nothing about the food was bad at all. the prices are far out of line for the portions. i've had better in this city.
i was pleasantly surprised by the food here. the salad dressing is really good and the miso has a hearty mushroom flavor. prices are very reasonable. the nigiri is dirt cheap. some pieces are $1. hibachi entrees are under $10.   note that they do use a lot of rice in their rolls, so it fills you up. they had a vast selection of maki and they were better than i expected.  service was a bit spotty. they are friendly, but we did have to ask for things more than once or twice.   i would definitely return when i visit charlotte again.
stopped in for a quick bite to eat and i am happy i did. the store front and decor are completely ordinary, but don't be put off by the lack ambiance. my waiter could not have been more pleasant and yet not overbearing at all. he greeted cheerfully and invited me to choose a table.  i received a complimentary salad of crispy fresh lettuce with ginger dressing. a tasty treat to start. i ordered a spicy yellow tail and spider roll which were both well made and tasty. the rice was done perfectly and the sauces complimented the rolls nicely.   the price was very reasonable. my lunch with salad and two rolls was $ 14.42.  i've been looking for good sushi in charlotte and have not been able to find it too often. today, i did. a definite keeper. i will be back!
on 11/8/2012, i decided to order take out. i purchased 3 rolls, they were all very good & fresh tasting. sorry i don't remember the name of them. but for the most part i would definitely  recommend this place to my friends. i plan on going back. i will write another review on my dine in experience.
decided to venture out last night to find somewhere new for sushi, as we have tried a ton of places over the past year, so last night was all about searching for a hidden gem so to speak.  as we embarked on our quest, we ended up near the arboretum, and as we drove through the parking lot, we were amazed to find a whole new section of the shopping center that neither of us had even known existed.    we were shocked to see a row of restaurants representing all different cuisines from standard american fare like chili's to chinese cherry blossom, quick mexican qdoba, asian malaya kitchen, breakfast le peep, to many others...as we both mocked each other for not knowing about this "bizarro arboretum", our eyes simultaneously came upon a sushi restaurant called sushiya, so we chalked it up to fate and decided to venture inside to give it a shot, as you shouldn't go against fate right???  as we entered the unassuming storefront, we were greeted with a huge welcome from the staff, a la norm from cheers, and the hostess/waitress said we could sit wherever we liked.  not much in the way of ambiance, as there was a small christmas tree at the front and a few assorted decorative pieces scattered about, but we weren't there for the decor, we were there for the sushi, so we didn't mind at all.  to put it mildly, the sushi menu is huge..about three pages worth of "house rolls" and "specialty rolls", and no pencil and paper was provided to mark selections, so it was a true test of our collective memories to keep track of all the various rolls we wanted to try, since we have nothing to note our choices on.  after multiple times through the extensive menu, we settled on a total of 6 rolls so we could try a little of everything.  solid value on some of the specialty rolls by the way, as a lot of places these days price most of their specialty rolls in the $12-$25 range, but sushiya had some creative rolls under 10 bucks, which was a definite plus.  the server was friendly throughout and did a nice job of making sure to ask if we wanted our waters refilled before they even got down to 1/2 full.   she was around just enough without being overly intrusive on our meal, and she was personable enough without being irritating if that makes any sense.  the sushi was fresh and overall i would say that 4 out of the 6 were hits while 2 were misses.  one of the misses was just devoid of flavor, while the other was overly drenched in a sweet mango sauce that was just too much in our opinion.  the hits were all solid but not spectacular.  i would say overall the sushi was better than what we found at koishi, 18 asian, liu liu, and other similar places, but a notch below some of the selections at nikkos, cowfish, nz cafe, etc.    definitely solid and worth a trip to check out for yourself as this place to me would be the definition of a 3.5 star yelp selection, but i decided to round up to 4 stars instead of rounding down to 3, because of the variety of options available from a specialty roll perspective.  again, if you are looking for decor and ambiance, this probably isn't the right place to find those things, but if you are looking for a solid place to get sushi on a saturday night that you can walk into at 7pm on a saturday night, get a table of your choosing, and not spend triple digits for 6 specialty rolls, then definitely give it a shot.
i've never had sushi before, so when my friends recommended we go out for sushi on new year's eve, i was a bit apprehensive. RESTAURANT_NAME is located in the arboretum near the second entrance off providence the qdoba/chili's corner. i've seen it multiple times, but it never really registered to me.    when i entered the building, i was surprised at how nice it was. hardwood floors and dimmed lights made it appear very upscale and trendy for being in the arboretum. it was mostly empty except for two couples at side tables. our drink orders were immediately taken and it only took a few minutes to get the drinks. we then ordered our food. i, and most of my friends, ordered the california roll sushi. it was super affordable at $4.25 for eight rolls. the presentation was gorgeous and the service was ridiculously fast. our waiter was so kind and constantly checked on our drinks and food. i found the sushi to be okay. i've never had sushi before and i'm not a huge fan of anything that is in the california roll, so that's probably to be expected. my friends, who have had sushi before, both liked and hated the california roll. the salads were delicious and several other foods that were ordered by my counterparts were really great meat dishes. my final bill for sweet tea with tons of free refills and the california roll sushi, with tip included was around $8.   overall, the great service will have me going back to sushiya tonight, actually. i'll definitely try something different next time, but this place is pretty good for the price. definitely a standout in comparison to the other eateries at the arboretum.
there is a same restaurant under the exact address listed under RESTAURANT_NAME. this is a duplicate.
i was looking for a new sushi spot, but was somewhat disappointed with the experience. first, i was the only customer, during my entire dining experience..which somewhat scares me. i was seated and served a complimentary salad. the salad was good, but overdressed..crazy overdressed. i ordered the onion soup and egg rolls. the onion soup was basically broth with a few onions, but no real onion flavor, which is what i was hoping for. as for the egg rolls, can i say frozen. onto the sushi. i chose a roll based on the waitresses recommendation, however it had a mango sauce that was so overwhelming i sent it back. i was not offered anything else and was charged for the roll, $13.95, after eating only two pieces. i questioned the server about being charged and she expressed the fact she told me what i was getting and i ordered it. whoa, was i surprised. i expressed my disappointment and said please do what you need to do. she disappeared and came out with an older women. upon returning to my table she did remove the roll, but was very unpleasant about it.  although i appreciate the fact they removed the roll, but was not impressed otherwise and will stick to my other favorites.
we looked up japanese and nearby for something different and i have to say, we were blown away! the food was amazing, service was courteous and very quick and friendly, something that we did not see at our normal japanese restaurant which is why we decided to change.  the food was spectacular, the playboy roll was out of this world and was so good, my entire family has a new roll.  i am half korean so when i ordered the spicy bulgogi, the meat was not the normal cheap and fatty stringy meat you see at many korean restaurants but were tender and chunky high quality beef with a great but not too spicy marinade that went far for taste yet was still very hearty and savory.  the vegetable tempura appetizer was very crispy and not greasy with great flavor.  again, the magic is the high quality of ingredients.  this is now our new favorite japanese restaurant.
what a great find near my hood!  i met my book club here for it's last meeting.  our leader and her family order take out here quite often and she suggested we dine in while discussing our latest book.  service was excellent! we were all served complimentary miso and ginger salads for a bit of a wait, and our rolls and food was beautiful as well as delicious.  i chose the leaning tower roll after deciding between several choices.  the menu at sushiya is quite large. all the of the entrees were beautifully presented and several people got the playboy roll, mentioned as a favorite by other yelpers.  the atmosphere is low key asian with the focus on the sushi bar which includes a flat screen slide show of all of the specialty rolls.    what a gem for the arboretum neighborhood!
very tasty!  we always get the vegetable tempora because its hard to find good vegetable tempora.  it really is outstanding!  the house made ginger sauce on the salad is amazing as well!  sometimes the service is a little... non existant.  had to wait a while to get the check. they brought boxes and we waited about 15 minutes after that for the check. there were only 2 other customers in the restaurant.
this place is unsuspecting, but the sushi is amazing!  every roll i had was incredible and fresh.  definitely my new go to for take out in the area.
first time i go to this one, but it is deff a fav now. we were a group of 5 who went last night, were immediately seated and everything seemed clean. there's a tv screen that is constantly playing their specialty sushi which i thought was cool. the waiter was really nice, he gave us all samples of a salad. the miso soup i have to say was just okay since there was little to no tofu in mines =/ but it was really tasty.  i ordered the crazy crazy roll, mind you i don't really like fried sushi, but this one was delicious. i always eat my sushi with extra spicy mayo, but i have to say this didn't need it. my boyfriend had the panthers roll and that too was spicy and delicious, it all tasted really fresh and was beyond good. it was all a bit pricey, but it was definitely worth it.  the only thing i'm sad about is that it's far from where i live. regardless i will deff be returning here abs will possibly drag some friends here as well
shrimp yakisoba was good, steak and shrimp hibachi was good, though the steak was slightly bland.   0 stars for service. didn't get water until we asked, had to remind them about our appetizer and then it was delivered after we finished our entrees. i asked for it to be comped.  it's friday night. staff appropriately, y'all.
food is amazing.  restaurant is clean and the atmosphere is relaxed.  i got the bento box with hibachi chicken.  so much food for the price!
our favorite sushi restaurant got shutdown for a no compete policy. we tried this place in hopes that it'd be a good replacement. our expectations were exceeded! the sushi was very fresh and looked as beautiful as the quality. we received our five rolls in under 15 minutes! that's very quick for saturday night at 7pm! the server was very friendly and not overbearing. it would've been better if she understood english a little better. the atmosphere was casual and not very busy although i think the rain kept folks inside. overall, great experience and we will surely return!
terrible customer service!! we  attempted to eat here, but left after they would not serve the onion soup instead of the miso soup with the combo.   menu says  "soup", no particular type.   i asked what kind and was told miso only, onion would be additional 1.95.  waitress said i could double rice, but no soup change.   this makes no sense - onion and miso soup are the same price on the menu.  good luck getting/keeping customers with this rationale.  the place was empty when we got there and when we left. ...no wonder.   one star because  zero wasn't an option.
between all of us, shumai, gyoza, spicy tuna, dynamite, udon and other items, all were utterly delicious.  will be back again for sure!
i really fell in love with this place.  friendly atmosphere family owned restaurant was awesome. the pricing is average for japanese food. i would recommend this place. the staff was so welcoming and i learned so much about their history
love this place...  i always get the bulgogi bento box and it never disappoints...  i went there the other day and they've updated the dcor and place  has a fresh new look...  i hadn't been for a while and it was really nice that the waitress noticed!!!  i have only ever had great service there and love how friendly they are...
my wife and i had lunch here a few weeks ago, and have been back four times. the sushi is great, we loved the playboy roll and the girls night out roll. can't wait to try the bento boxes. service was excellent too.
wow! we accidentally found this place and i'm so glad. for a japanese restaurant, they had the best bulgogi i've ever had. i think this is my new favorite place in charlotte!
stopped by randomly and boy was i surprised! after looking at the deep menu i noticed they had korean bbq!!! i promise you if you order the bulgogi you will not be disappointed. being a lover of spice i ordered the spicy bulgogi and it was so great!  i also have to mention the egg rolls real quick. legit the best egg rolls i have ever eaten, hands down.  somehow a random stop for dinner quickly became a favorite spot! will be back many times!
i have been coming here for a few years and really love their menu.  i love their spicy beef bulgogi bento box.  i also adore their rolls from the dynamite rolls to the flashy playboy roll.  even my picky youngest loves their "plain" rolls. plain nori with rice roll  definitely recommend this place!
coming from d.c. we weren't sure we were going to be able to find a sushi restaurant that would match our expectations.  we were blown away by sushiya and feel so fortunate to have found it.  from the moment we walked in the staff was friendly and attentive.  the interior is decorated beautifully, soft lighting, and although the dining area is open the noise level is low so we were able to have good conversation.  the overall feel is casual, but tasteful.  onto the sushi.  we had tuna and octopus nigiri, the godzilla roll, spicy yellow tail roll, their halloween specialty roll and the rainbow roll not pictured.  the presentation was beautiful and the taste was excellent.  if someone in your party is not a fan of sushi or if they are allergic to fish the menu is quite extensive and seems to have something that will please everyone.  we cannot wait to go back and i am looking forward to bringing out of town guests.  thank you sushiya for a delicious evening!
after an initial, very disappointing sushi dinner  at an expensive restaurant in the southpark area, i had despaired of ever having a good sushi dinner in charlotte, nc. coming from la, my standards are understandably high. i was, however wonderfully surprised by the food at this incredible gem of a restaurant. a friendly wait staff and excellent sushi chef made for a most enjoyable and delicious dinner experience. i will definitely be visiting this wonderful restaurant again!
my favorite place to come on my lunch break! i always try a new fried sushi  because i'm not a huge fan of the raw kind..but i have loved everything i've tried! the service is speedy and good..nice chill atmosphere around lunch time!
pretty great sushi! highly recommend the ladies night out roll, it was delicious! i would've given them 5 stars if not for the higher price tag. been to places just as good if not better that were not as steep. still, great food so you can't really go wrong with this one. service was prompt and friendly too!
great service, awful food. i've had japanese food way better than this, the fried rice tasted very weird..kind of as if it was cooked with wasabi. only good thing we had from there was the gyoza fried dumplings and the customer service was very good. oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross. nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls. really wanted to like this place but sadly never coming back :- 
decided on sushiya when our first choice had a long wait. so, so glad we did. everything was absolutely delicious! my daughter enjoyed her hibachi chicken. the miso soup was excellent. the gyoza was fantastic. the beef bulgogi was flavorful and the sushi was fresh and wonderfully prepared. everything about our meal was fantastic including the service!  we will be back regularly.
we had been looking for a new sushi place and this is it! had a wonderful dinner with our family. staff was friendly and attentive and sushi was extremely fresh. will definitely be going back!
great good.  very authentic food.  atmosphere was clean and modern with asian accented pieces.  would definitely come back again.
restaurant is small but food is large.  great sushi bar.  a wide variety of specialty rolls and noodles.  spicy seafood udon is nuclear but tastes so fantastic that although your tongue is literally on fire, you can't help but continue to spoon it into your melting mouth.  great staff, laid back atmosphere.  have a little tv set at bar that cycles through the specialty rolls for you to view.  i have been a patron for like 10 years now.  money back guarantee if you don't absolutely love this place.  gary
we just so happened to walk around this shopping center and on a cold day, we wanted some miso soup. the atmosphere was very nice, large booths to sit in, and the waitress was very knowledgeable with the menu. we came in for lunch and i ordered the bulgogi. in my opinion, it is the most flavorful, tasty bulgogi i've had in charlotte! my $10.99 dish came with rice, salad, miso soup, 2 potstickers, about 5 pieces of vegetable tempura onion, sweet potato, squash, carrot yummy yummy yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they also deliver within a 3 mile radius! you won't regret this place.
this is my new sushi place in south charlotte. the service was great, quick and very friendly. the food was delicious! we had 4 sushi rolls and loved each one. they are also very affordable compared to other sushi places near by. i can't wait to go back and try other items off their menu. they had a wide variety of items and they also deliver.
went on presidents day.  restaurant was about half full and seemed to have a fair amount of take out traffic.  that said, it took them 40 minutes to serve our food and the food was like warm at best.  the flavor was okay- probably would have been better if it was hotter.  green tea served in cup with tea bag- not too authentic.  they asked how our food was and i mentioned that it was okay but luke warm.  they just said thank you and walked away.  disappointed- we will not be back.
decided to try this place tonight. i had tempura shrimp appetizer, tempura roll and shrimp fried rice. the rice was just ok the other two entrees were excellent. wife had the panko fish appetizer, seafood soup and a tiger roll.  all was good, will go back.
this is a family owned japanese styled restaurant and it is simply delish. i'm there twice a mouth and never disappointed. the service is friendly and very accommodating. it isn't that big so in the evenings and on the weekends it can fill up quickly. great for date night or family time. i'm a fan. the parking isn't bad but it is surrounded my other eateries so it can be a little confusing finding it. great place
i would give 5 stars except there was a little inconsistency in the food between visits.       i've visited this restaurant twice and both times we were quite happy with the food. the service has been great and the restaurant is clean. i've had the panko appetizer, shrimp and vegetable tempura, thai roll, crispy california roll, and the crispy japanese bagel roll. everything was on point and tasted fresh. the only small complaint is that the thai roll was slightly overcooked on the second visit and looked a bit sloppy.       this is our new go-to sushi place since one-u bit the dust and osaka doesn't have shrimp tempura it's just shrimp coated in panko breadcrumbs.
i am a sushi lover! so i am fairly hard to please and i love this place. the ambiance is nice, the staff is friendly, and the sushi is fantastic. on another note; bulgogi is not an easy dish to master and it's one of the best i've tasted. it's son the providence side of the arboretum so it's not easy to see unless your looking for it. highly recommend it!
had the sushiya roll which i didn't love. tempura vegetable appetizer seemed small. waitress started to irritate me with how many times she asked if we were done. brought the check before we were even done eating. felt really rushed to leave friday at 8:30pm. left feeling disappointed and like i didn't ever want to come back.
delivery was before the eta so that's the reason for 2 stars. as far as the food. we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables. was not impressed at all. every piece of meat was flavorless, the shrimp looked like it was just soaked in butter and the vegetables were extremely bland. the rice tasted like it was something you would get from a instant rice package. did not taste like hibachi at all. & for the price and portion, definitely not worth it. i've had better hibachi for $7 at hanako in fort mill with triple the amount of food for half the price. sushi might be good, but i don't eat sushi. stay away from hibachi plates.
was busy so we were encouraged.  meh.  the deep fried rolls were good - and some of sushi platter items were nice.  but some were not nice - like pull out of your mouth not nice.  fine atmosphere for a suburb strip mall joint. friendly staff.  prices are high for what you get.  i mean if you're jonesing for sushi it will work - but don't get your hopes up.  the food we got at the price we paid wasn't worthy of 4 yelp stars.  4 star staff, 3 star atmosphere, and 2 1/2 star food?  your mileage may vary.
yum! close to home...check.  not over crowded...check.  great service... check.  good food... check!  my husband and i decided to stop in for a quick lunch.  i'm so glad we did!  there was a bit of a lunch rush but the service didn't suffer because of it which was awesome.  my only negative which many may be okay with was the extensive 'fried sushi roll' options... i just don't understand it but hey they have other options.  i had the sashimi bowl which was delicious and complete with a quail egg on top.  yum!  my husband enjoyed his fancy rollthe name escapes me but all around it was good and i would return.  okay i lied, there is one other not so positive mention.... i ordered a lunch special which came with miso soup.  the miso soup was brought to me in a cupwhich was fine... it was a lunch serving but the cup wasn't even half full!  did someone get hungry and help themselves to it on the way to table?!... weird but overall tasty food.  i'll be back
i just had such a bad experience here. the employees were extremely rude, the food is overpriced and mediocre. don't even get me started.
the food is alright. but the service is horrible. i ordered tofu and the waitress came out with fish. i kindly explained that i didn't order that dish and she just stared at me and walked away. even though the fish dish sat there at the table untouched, she ended up charging me for it. if i wasn't vegan, i'd eat the dish. i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation. i thought everything was going to work out but the waitress returned and chastised me for not talking to her about it even though i did in the first place. don't think i'll be coming back.
prices here are cheap and if you want a good filling meal come here, because the portions are pretty hardy. $5 chicken teriyaki with big portion of rice and salad with a dressing consisting of vinegar and sugar? its not bad at all, give this place a shot.
one extra star because they are consistent, well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey. this is my go to spot when i want something cheap and "asian"
does the job for quick and fast, fresh teriyaki lunch box. downtown charlotte.
headed over during lunch time for their lunch special. easily the best price for the food you get. looks like only one lady was working so it took a bit of time, which is nbd, but if you're in a hurry be prepared to wait it out. beef and chicken teriyaki was really good. i'll be back
located in the latta arcade, RESTAURANT_NAME japanese restaurant offers a limited menu.  but do you really need more choices? the mrs. prefers the teriyaki veggie rice with extra rice.  yum! whether you phone ahead or order in person, this japanese take-out place offers quickly-prepared, abundant food for a decent price.  they have been in this location for at least a couple of decades and are still popular. the mrs. recommends RESTAURANT_NAME. .
i actually stop by here a couple times a month for a quick usually, flavorful, and plentiful lunch at an affordable price $6-7.  towards the end of the latta arcade, it can get full at the lunch hour, thus having to wait 15 min or so since there is only one cook, a super nice lady! however, once in a while i opt for the bibimbap.  it's tasty and mixes things up from the usual chicken/beef teriyaki combo.  the combo meals also come with a sweet vinegar over lettuce, making the teriyaki and rice a little more healthy.  they also serve a delicious brown rice substitute at no extra cost. umm, yes, thank you.  no seating inside, so take out only.
solid lunch spot, with tasty food, made fresh to order. i got the combo beef and chicken, and it comes with plain white rice and a kind of weird salad concoction, like half iceberg lettuce and half cole slaw, with a semi-sweet dressing. not the biggest portions ever served but satisfying enough. decent flavors but not really comparable to othe uptown asian places as this is more of a "mom and pops" place which i do like. the asian lady behind the counter is a one woman show, as she takes the orders and cooks right in front of you. it's all take out but i guess you could eat at the small counter they do have.  i read other reviews speaking of fried rice....well i wasn't given that option, and i definitely would have opted for that. the menu is extremely limited....makes sense since the asian "wonder woman" does it all back there. but egg rolls would be nice.  all in all a decent lunch option in uptown.
been fortunate enough to walk here from time to time and have sampled most of their dishes including their staple, teryaki chicken hibachi and the new menu addition, bibbymap.  the dishes come with white rice and a basic salad with some light vinagrette dressing.  the food is good, not great.  the service is also good, and the nice lady that works there springs into action the moment she's called upon.  the other factor making this place a good option for lunch is it's location right in latta arcade.    food is good, service is good, location, also good - but 4 stars good?  no.  not at all.  the reason it does in fact get 4 stars is because of the value.  for less than $7 per lunch, you're walking out of there with a good experience, good food, and it happens fast.    i'd love to see some occassional seasonal or straight up menu changes from time to time, but pretty much every little food joint in latta is limited to what they can actually offer.  it is what it is - if you want a decent value hibachi for less than $7, that's the spot.  don't expect to struggle with menu decisions.
reasons for 5 stars: 1.  uptown lunch=6 bucks.  that's freaking awesome 2.  nice staff/owners/customer service- very friendly, insanely fast 3.  the tempura chicken = adult happy meal...was the best feeling ever to be 6 again with chicken nuggets and bbq sauce..plus the rice and salad...awesome  4.  i genuinely liked the food.    the staff was also fast and friendly.  i would take this over the superyuppified trendy salad place
very good value for the food. they give you a lot of meat for what you paid for. the teriyaki is really korean bul-gol-gi
great food, healthy food. not really japanese, more korean. $6.50-$8 for a meal in uptown, can't beat it!
the food is better than average and affordably priced but service is extremely slow and there's no rhyme or reason as to when dishes come out of the kitchen.  they don't answer their phone any time of day and don't return calls so it's nearly impossible to make a reservation unless you happen to be willing to stop by before your dinner engagement.    but it's a nice small restaurant for impromptu sushi dinners for couples or a party of 3 or 4.  that's probably their focal point anyway.  they do have tatami mat seating and a fairly broad, if expensive, sake selection.    i would immediately give them four or even five stars if service was a little more organized and purposeful and if the staff could be significantly friendlier.  there are only two servers even on saturday nights during prime time, so perhaps that is the source of the problem anyway.  be prepared for long waits during your meal if you go with a group of 5 or more.
i figure i'd add to this review too, my sister michelle r. here on yelp already wrote a great review and i just wanted to say that i agree with her that this place is really authentic!  i come here for lunch all the time to try their different lunch specials.  if not the special, yes, the katsudon is delicious served w/ rice and onions and an egg on top!.  so are their bento boxes, i'll usually order their grilled mackerel.  and yes, their sushi is also really good.  my only complaint would be that it's a little small and it can get too crowded and busy, when that happens i'll go to the other japanese restaurant right around the corner...
with musashi, as with other places i enjoy, its all about the food. i don't need a greeter with a plastered smile, or somebody doting on me every 15 seconds. if i have to wait 15 minutes for a table at musashi, that's fine, cause i know the food more than makes up for it.  that said, i know this place is hit or miss. my sister and i absolutely loved the place, as did my japanese roommates always always a good sign that your japanese roommates love the same japanese restaurant you do. but, my brother and sister-in-law weren't too impressed. i think musashi is good, solid japanese food. nothing too fancy. what they did they did well. their agadeshi tofu is the standard against which all other fried tofus are measured. light, crisp, with a flavorful, but not too salty, sauce. the katsudon is how it should be, hot, eggy, with just the right amount of gravy to flavor the rice. there is also a special japanese menu, with "snacks" which make great accompaniments to beer and sake, or if you're in the mood for "tapas". i especially like the grilled cod and the beef tongue. there's also an excellent sukiyaki. the lunchtime bento boxes were also very good.  you gotta understand. when you're living in charlotte, there's not much in the way of japanese food. and when you've been to japan three or four times, you start getting a taste for more than just the same tired sushi rolls. that's where musashi comes in. they've got more than just the same standard sushi, udon, teriyaki and potato salad items that you find at the generic japanese places dotting the us. and they don't try to get too fancy.   and try to remember, its all about the food. not about the lines, not the lack of greeting when you enter, not the crazy eyed lady who doesn't call you "honey." it's the food.
i've only been here once, but this place impressed me. the service was a bit slow, but the lunch special a i had was very very tasty. well, the ramen had somewhat of a weird taste in the soup, but the katsu don served over rice was....i've never had better katsu don. i would eat it again. most sushi restaurants i've gone to were owned by koreans or americans, but i think this place is authentically japanese including the workers and owner. definitely recommend it.
this is the only place to go for japanese food in charlotte! we are regulars so we are treated very well, i don't know what the others complain about...the service seems very good to me. the food is great!
i just came back from living in japan for two years, and musashi is one of the most authentic japanese restaurants i've been to. not only that, but the prices aren't too bad either. i had some kind of vegetarian nabe like a one pot dish and beef tongue, my friend had the tonkatsu fried pork cutlets-- they gave more than one, which was a surprise, and we both had a few asahi beers and a cheap bottle of sake without completely breaking the bank maybe about $30 a person with tip and everything.  the atmosphere is nothing special. it's a small restaurant in a strip mall, but they do have a couple tables on tatami where you can sit on the floor japanese style if that's your thing. personally, i'd rather have good food than a beautiful restaurant, so i didn't mind at all.  all-in-all, i think i'll definitely go back next time i have a craving for ramen or some other japanese food that's a bit tough to find in charlotte.  the key thing was that the rest of the guests were japanese, which is always a good sign!
mixed review. i was expecting more, but left a bit disappointed. first of all, the directions from google maps is a bit off...it takes you through an apartment complex to a dead end. it's located in a shopping center with food lion.   the atmosphere is small with humble interior design. there are approximately 4 booths with high backs and hard bottoms with worn out cushions.   the greeting was all smiles. the service wasn't fast, but not too slow either. our drinks were always full and the server was very friendly.  the sushi list was limited, but priced well. the spicy tuna roll was very good. do not order the teriyaki chicken unless you like two marinated chicken breasts with sauce on top served with a cup of rice and a side of lettuce with ginger dressing for $12. very disappointing. the restaurant was fairly busy, so i'm sure they have better dishes. i'll have to go back and try some of the noodle items.
it took a few visits before i felt comfortable with the staff at musashi - i don't think they're intentionally unfriendly, they just don't go that extra mile. once you get to know them though, from waitstaff, to sushi chef to kitchen guy - they're super nice. but let's get to the real reason why you should go to this place - the food. i think it's the most legit japanese in charlotte primarily because the place is dominated by japanese patrons.  agedashi tofu - broth is to die for and the tofu so  delicately breaded sea snails - one again, boiled/steamed in sake and the shells put out a delicious broth on their own. texture similar to conch. dumplings - i usually don't love dumplings in japanese restaurants, but these are delightful little morsels that are worth an order.  sushi/sashimi is outstanding - they have all of the standard stuff and prices are pretty reasonable. soba/udon - delicious noodles and clear or dark broth...haven't tried the cold soba, but that's my next step.   there is a traditional japanese menu on the back of the regular menu, and i told the waitress that  next time she can help me order from that non-gaijin menu!! she said she would be happy to do so!  to heck with the strip mall atmosphere - this is just a great little gem in south charlotte for sushi lovers who don't want to dress up like they're going clubbing don't want disco balls and sake bombs sorry nikko and enso.
family went to mizuho and found that it was closed 7/11/10! this was a huge letdown - seems another sushi restaurant with a different name is taking its place - will just have to wait and see how it turns out.  anyway we went to musashi as a second choice and it was not nearly as nice as mizuho. atmosphere is cluttered and tables are too close together for any privacy. i ordered sushi deluxe, which was ok and came with miso soup but no salad as most places serve, and a kirin beer. wife ordered individual nigiri with spicy tuna roll - also ok. and daughter ordered teriyaki chicken - poor at best chicken breast apparently baked with sauce poured on top, very plain salad, small amount of noodles,and bowl of rice. the girls chose water to drink. despite below average restaurant and food, service was very good.  $75! sushi is expensive and that is ok, but this was too much for below average atmosphere and food. add a tip and the meal was nearly $90 - last trip to musashi!  so the search is on for good sushi in south charlotte!
upfront disclosures: i am a sushi snob, and am extremely particular about my sushi.  i am going to break my review into two parts - typical japanese food and sushi.    typical japanese food: we ordered some pork shumai that were pretty good, but was served with a brown-wasabi-type paste.  it tasted like wasabi, but why the hell was it brown? we also ordered pan fried pork with kimchi.  the kimchi was very spicy, but good.  the pork was a bit tough.    they have a whole list of special appetizers, but only about 4 were translated into english.  my girlfriend asked for more translation, but the waiter told us we really wouldn't be interested in them, so we dropped the conversation on it.   my gut tells me this place has very good, and very authentic japanese food, but i am not experienced enough in non-sushi japanese food.    on to the sushi:  we chose this restaurant due to the reviews on yelp.  we eat a ton of sushi and were excited to try a new place.    musashi has a very small sushi menu.  there are few rolls to choose from, and a medium sized menu for sashimi and nigiri.    we ordered salmon and tuna nigiri.  the fish was cut rather sloppily, and my girlfriend is not convinced that we actually had salmon.  the salmon was all pink, no typical white-fat lines....  why?  the rolls come in pieces of 3, which i find weird.  i am typically used to larger rolls with 6 or 8 pieces.  it really felt that the food was made hours before and then served up, as the rice was cold and solid - not like sushi rolled right in front of you.   we have not been back.  if you're looking for really, really, really authentic japanese food, i would head here and try.  if you're looking for a great sushi experience, i would try other places in the area.
i am so thankful that this no-frills japanese place exists. i just came back from my first visit for lunch and clearly they know what their doing when it comes to noodles and soups. i ordered their pork-based ramen soup with a squid salad. both easily compared to some of the best i used to enjoy back in philadelphia's asian district. this is absolutely my go-to place in charlotte for noodles. and i can't wait until i get to visit this place again.
first of all it must be said that this is a japanese-style sushi house. if you are new to sushi or the japanese culture, this will not be the restaurant for you.   japanese style means that when you need a drink refill or want to order something extra, you must wave down the waiters as is the culture in japan. americans and we southerner's especially, are not used to this type of service. this is why most of the people that eat in this restaurant are japanese. if you eat lunch between 1-2pm you will have better service.  the food is also very japanese. the emphasis is on the fresh fish and the rice. if you are not accustomed to japanese food, then you may want a non-japanese sushi bar like sushi-101 mexican made or rusan's indonesian made or several others in charlotte which are chinese. you will find many varieties of fried sushi with sugary mayo in these locations if that's your idea of sushi.  i have eaten here every week for years. it is a small restaurant with basic rolls. they are very consistent and the food is always excellent. i have never gotten "brown wasabe" or fish that i didn't know what it was. the bento boxes at lunch are excellent with 2 pieces of big roll, a maki roll, soup, salad and usually a bit of seafood salad for about $8.  i have eaten at many japanese style restaurants and must admit it has taken me a while to understand their culture. now that i have explained it to you, maybe you will be able to enjoy musashi's great food. if great service is most important to you, find a culture that is known for that like the thai people at thai house.
i have been searching charlotte for an authentic bowl of tonkatsu ramen when musashi popped up on my urbanspoon app. i dragged two friends along with me who felt very uncomfortable and were confused on what to order. i ordered everyone's food except for the sushi lover, who didn't listen to me. the food was great and i finished my soup, i can't wait to go back.
i'm a japanophile myself and i love musashi. as far as i know, it is the only place to find real authentic japanese food in the charlotte area. it has a tatami room where you can sit to eat and feel even more traditional usually for big parties. to most, the staff doesn't seem so friendly which i think is a standard japanese way of just staying out of your way. for me it seems they really like it when i come in and converse in japanese with them. the cook was even nice enough to make me a special order of curry soba - which was great! i try to come back here every two weeks just to be in that authentic japanese environment. the only setback is that i live so far from it.
i've been going to this place from the beginning. this is true japanese food, ramen, curry, sushi etc.. is authentic and not made like you'd get at a asian fusion place. i'd say if you come with an open mind about the sushi you'd like it otherwise stick with the ramen and gyoza can't go wrong there!   service can be a bit scattered but everyone is very friendly, this is a family owned restaurant so it's not always "ran efficiently". but in the end you come to a restaurant for the food not the great service ala peter lugers. with that said everyone that has worked in their is quite friendly.
this place has nice tonkotsu ramen. the broth is creamy, rich, and it looks like they invest a lot of time producing the broth. if you're around the area and can't find a nice ramen-ya-san to go to, come here and enjoy a warm bowl of ramen!
it seems a rarity to find a japanese restaurant owned and operated by japanese. well musashi is one such place. the menu is not the americanized and that is worth three stars alone. good authentic menu, service and food!
musashi was an overall great experience. the restaurant is quaint,warm, and cozy. i was originally looking for a more generic japanese meal like teriyaki chicken with broccoli, fried rice and shrimp sauce. the food they serve was not what i expected but was still delicious. it seemed like more authentic japanese and was very fresh and tasted amazing. the chicken teriyaki was served with soup,salad, rice and noodles. the most outstanding part was the service. they went over and above to make sure we were taken care of! i highly recommend it!
finally, a place to satiate my ramen needs!  potato croquette!  curry katsu! there is hope for the charlotte asian dining scene!   yes, the previous reviews are spot on-- authentic japanese minus the obligatory california roll and special sushi rolls in a super charming space don't be thrown off by it's location next to the little caesars. with friendly family-run service.  this place is packed with fellow asians not the speed-racing kind like ru san's which is always a good sign.    tip: get the lunch special a or b.  you'll see examples of a and b at the front of the restaurant.  the special is $8 and is plenty of food.  last time, it was a curry katsu bowl and a bowl of miso ramen. the other was a mini version of the dinner bento box.   to the reviewers who had poor sushi experiences, claiming the rolls are similar to the pre-packaged ones at the supermarket, and un-fresh: i urge you to try musashi again. i always find the rice perfect and room-temperature and seasoned well. also: to those who complain the sushi menu is small, yes, it's less than a page.  however, who wants a phone-book-sized-menu if the food isn't good?   if you want to talk supermarket sushi, dyk restaurants like soul gastrolounge actually serve the supermarket brand as their own...and nobody knows!  in fact, it's pretty good, considering.   i also don't think the service is unfriendly at all!  maybe being busy and task-oriented not taking time to chit-chat is mistaken for unfriendliness...i duno, i just call it efficient!   tip #2: you can't get their udon or ramen to-go.  bottom line:  if you're accustomed to some noodle houses in new york or la, or in cities with large asian communities, no, this place isn't going to be on the same level-- but sometimes you don't need all the frills.  just a solid meal, run by a family you can tell knows what they're doing.
authentic. if you're looking for american sushi, go somewhere else. only authentics need apply here.
this place is literally a hole in the wall.  the sanitation score reflects this as well with a piping 92.  regardless, the predominate crowd is japanese so that's always a good sign for a japanese restaurant, right?  i come here quite frequently with friends and always get their super salty ramen and i really have no idea why.  i also always ask for a cup of hot water to dilute their super salty ramen too.  you'd think that i would have learned by now and try something else on the menu.  the price is a little on the high side and i am not impressed with the bathroom or decor/appeal of this place.  regardless, i will probably still continue to come here with friends and continue to order their super salty ramen- it's become habit.  some habits are so hard to break.
this is a no frill authentic japanese restaurant that is generally filled with japanese and other asians. if you are looking to order fancy drinks and americanized california rolls, this is not the place for you. go to nikko in south end for the upscale experience and super expensive sushi.  i believe this is now the only place in charlotte where you can order really good bento boxes and authentic ramen noodle bowls. mai japanese restaurant used to have good bento boxes when they were at south blvd. location but they have abandoned bento box since they have moved to colony road location.    sushi here are very fresh and there are plenty of japanese appetizers on the menu in english and japanese. the service is typical of small family run restaurant.  they tend to get overwhelm when it is too busy.    mango mochi is our children favorite dessert. we try to go here once or twice a month.
i've heard this restaurant from listening to npr in charlotte, so i went and invited some of my friends and decided to come here to check it out. here are my reviews.  venue - the ambiance inside the restaurant is like being in japan. if you have a large group of people, your group will be sitting as if you're sitting on a floor, but your not. the sits are elevated and the center piece is wide open. it's a comfortable sitting arrangement.  sushi - the unagi eel was cooked perfectly. the softcrab shells are not bad, but i had better ones before.  the rice was cooked very well not to sticky or clumpy. they need better selections in sushi.  presentation - the restaurant lacks in presentation.  it was a very simple dish put together.    sake - they are pricey. $15.00 minimum.   ramen - the soup was very tasty.    overall,  if you are craving for ramen, this is the best place so far i've tasted. as for sushi, i would only come here once. i've had much better sushi with awesome presentation and much better selections in california before.  i still have yet to find a sushi that will replace my experienced in california. also, if you don't tip enough. you will be called back in by the waitress asking you to add more on the tip. its a mandatory!!!  it feels like a teacher is about to scold you.
i have been going here for too many years to count, and it is hands down the most authentic japanese restaurant that exsists here. this is not american style japanese this is real yummy japanese food!
if you go for lunch, i recommend getting either a or b. they have a display of the 2 boxes in the front that you can check out. it is such a good deal, you only pay about 8 bucks for either box. the lunch sushi box b comes with 10 pieces of sushi, 6 regular rolls, 2 larger ones, 2 slices of sashimi on rice, some kind of mayo based salad, miso soup, and peanut sauce salad. box a usually comes with a rice and meat dish and a ramen soup, although it can vary many days. both are mouth watering.      for dinner, i love to get the nabeyaki udon noodle. it is awesome, it comes out burning hot so you have to be careful. you cannot take this to go, so be sure to finish it. it has egg and lots of vegetables, and tempura shrimp and tempura veggies. the dinner teriyaki bento box is very good, but a california roll is the only option for the sushi portion. other things i enjoy are the pork katsu-don, ramen, curry katsu, and the agedashi dofu is excellent. really, no matter what you pick, you can't go wrong.      on a rare occasion, most likely in the winter, be sure to check out the sushi specials. if they have toro tunafatty tuna, be sure to get it without any questions, and do not get the roll, just get the whole slab. its really expensive but it melts in your mouth. worth every penny.     overall, musashi is a great place with pretty good prices, lunch is definitely cheaper than dinner. it is in a small but comfortable and not too fancy place. but when the food is that good, it doesn't really matter. it doesn't have any of the over-the-top sushi roll specials, but rather it is just rolled well with perfectly cooked rice. it is the most authentic japanese place in charlotte that i have come across.
this restaurant seems actually run by japanese people, which is rare for a japanese restaurant in the us. it also seems to receive a good number of japanese regulars, which is always a good sign. i see they're trying to be authentic in their food i lived in japan, and i can tell.   anyway, the ramen i tried, i guess you just can't make it as good as you'd get in japan. it is pretty ordinary ramen stuff you could make with the material you gather from an asian market without much efforts, but pricey, not as meh and pricy as the ones i tried in st. mark's place in nyc though, those were absolute rip-offs and were literally cup-noodles in bowls!.   the lunch sushi plate i didn't try but i saw a sample display at the entrance --- the usual cheapie american style sushi, i.e. a bunch of makis easy to make a bunch, easier to cheat the flavor of lower quality sashimi, not accidentally never ever seen served in restaurants in japan, fake crab meats seriously, why would any supposedly "authentic" japanese restaurant serve this crap? why not skip the crab anything altogether if the real thing is so expensive?, etc.  ok food. really, not much better but certainly not worse than any other japanese or sushi restaurants in charlotte, and the prices were ok. the japanese regulars seems to frequent the place because they know it cannot get any better in charlotte as far as japanese cuisine goes not because the food there is as good as they'd get back home. so what can you do?
nice lunch specials: one with warm items and one with sushi.  sushi chef and waitresses speaking japanese with customers.  free wifi from neighboring businesses.
this review is a long time a comin but here it is either way. in my first few months i found myself in charlotte, all alone on yom kippur, which is the jewish holiday where we fast for the entire day, thats right an entire day. basically, the entire day you dream about what you are going ot eat for dinner, which makes it even more excruciating. by 8pm 1.5 hours past sun down i decided on musashi after a colleague reccomended it earlier, she had told me of a secret japanese menu, and fresh fish.  well i can tell you this place has both! and the best part, is the head chef there and owner, is quite japanese, and began his career in my home city's toronto first ever sushi restaurant in the early 80s. suffice to say, i was pretty sold after talking to this guy   the japanese menu is off the chain and features japanese favourites like broth meat and raw egg in a hot pot not sure what the name of that is,  they are a little hesitant to let you order off of it but i've been 3 times and just asked the waitress what she reccomended and have never had a bad item.   probably one of the best sushi places in the city along with sushi guru, yet to try new zealand which i also heard was great.
this place is probably as close to authentic japanese food as you can get in the south charlotte area. its family own for quite a few years now.  i've been here for lil over probably 20 times or so and everytime i go i enjoyed my food as usual its freshly cook and sushi is always fresh they use high quality ingredients as well.  the place is small with lil less than 15 tables for the whole restaurant it always seems packed,  the atmosphere and the decor is also nicely matched the japanese feel. service is always good, server is always smiling and very friendly, she made a joke to my friends about how i will finish all the food that they dont eat if they ordered too much lol. however the price is not cheap 2 entrees and a appetizer can easily run ur bill up to bout 40 + tips and tax ur looking at around 50 at dinner time. but u know what? u get what u paid for, although i can't afford eating here every week but its totally worth it when i do come with friends and family  :  on a side note, real japanese people eat there all the time. there is always atleast one table with japanese eating there. hey...if japanese are eating japanese food here.... how bad can it be? lol
i finally found some legitimate tonkotsu ramen in charlotte! it wasn't bland or watery and the pork chashu? was savory and delicious. i would definitely come back, though it is a little far out from the city 20 min drive.  you'll notice that the interiors of this restaurant make a particular effort to imitate a japanese home. there's a private dining room, which appears to be a small compartment with traditional tatami mats, sliding doors and pillows.the owners are also japanese, which is always a good sign in my books if you're looking for some lip-smacking ramen.   the menu offers a variety of delicacies from japan, ranging from potato croquettes with the delicious bulldog brand sauce to gyoza and even mini fried crabs. ramen is by far, the best dish on the menu and you even get a choice between the broths, soy, miso, tonkotsu etc.  the process for making tonkotsu broth is incredibly laborious and takes a lot of skill to perfect. i would say musashi does the japanese broth justice by delivering the almost-creamy texture of the broth, filled with the rich flavor of pork. the soup also has a great milky-color. unfortunately the noodles aren't hand made and you can tell they're more of an upgraded version of instant ramen noodles. however, this does not deter from the overall experience of eating a hot bowl. i didn't leave one drop!  the restaurant serves alcohol, but not past a certain hour like 9 or 10, so you can enjoy a range of japanese beers and saki. perfect accompaniment to dinner. prices are very reasonable and the hospitality is fantastic. food is served in a timely fashion and everything tastes phenomenal.   i'm already looking forward to the next time i come back!  4/5
i've seen quite a few mixed reviews of musashi and i can honestly say that you can easily identify the two categories of reviewers: those who understand japanese culture or have been to japan and everyone else.  i'm a bit of a food purist - i feel that if you are going to eat japanese food, than it had better be at a japanese restaurant with a japanese chef. the same can be applied to other ethnic cuisines; i mean if you were on vacation in france, would you honestly eat french food in france that is prepared by an american? no.  ranting aside, musashi has the best bowl of ramen i've had since leaving japan. period. the wife's  la carte selections were also equally as tasty including the homemade dipping sauces - the effort they put in really makes the difference.   i've seen another review here on yelp and i'll echo it here - you have to flag down your waitress and this is to be expected as it is how japanese restaurants operate.  don't knock them on service without understanding the culture.   i'll end the review with this: if you think hibachi is japanese food, then musashi may not be for you; however, if you are seeking an authentic japanese experience izakaya  style, then look no further.
went for dinner - excellent tonkotsu ramen noodles - the broth was delicious. also has potato croquets - five stars. service was excellent as well !!!
this is the only authentic japanese place in charlotte. i lived in japan for 3 years and i can tell you first hand this is a close as it gets without spending $2000 for airfare! the food is awesome. the people are awesome. the place rocks!  to all the people giving this place 3 stars and complaining that the chicken was not great and the salad should have had ginger dressing.....this is an authentic japanese restaurant. not the american hibachi down the street. japanese is not a big room with large grills with guys flinging food all over the place creating small fires. that is an american invention and this is what japanese food tastes like and how it is served. but then again american stupidity on what other cultures food tastes like knows no bounds....taco bell?  the service is always perfect. i love the staff there. they let me practice my japanese and are always excited when i get it right. to the people saying the "service is slow", the service is slower because you are supposed to talk to each other and enjoy your company and not scarf down your food like a couple of baka gaijin. it's japanese!  again hands down the best place in charlotte to get authentic japanese food like it is served in japan in every small town and small food/bar in the country. this is not american style japanese it's authentic!  
this place has delicious, authentic, japanese ramen! the gyoza are delicious. i always get the pork ramen tonkatsu... a bowl of happiness : i have yet to try their sushi or teriyaki,  but it looks so good. it is always full of happy customers! i love musashi!
first off, we will return.  this place is pretty solid on humble authentic atmosphere and recipe/presentation.  it is obviously a favorite of the japanese-american population of charlotte!  after many good yelpers guided us to this spot, we decided finally to give it a try.  a busy spot and a small restaurant.  it did not appear that they took reservations; i'm not sure.  there are two american style kotatsu tables that appear to seat up to six.  dress in layers; this tiny joint gets cozy.  we plan to try more sushi varieties; it's right in line with prices from other places.  it's very fresh, straightforward presentation.  timing on food coming out is decent; we didn't wait forever.  we had a couple of rolls and they were good.  noodle bowls could be a bit more generous or perhaps a bit less expensive.  my $11 tempura udon by itself would have left me wanting.  next time i will probably try a bento box.  my husband had the tonkatsu ramen and was pretty satisfied.  the service staff is so very nice and cheerful.  if you know japanese my husband does they love to make conversation.
i love sushi and japanese food.  i was looking for a gem.  my wife and i tried musashi and she got food poisoning from the teriyaki chicken.  my sushi was decent, but it did not make up for the chicken.  obviously.  granted this dinner was a few months ago, so hopefully they have improved.
i had high hopes for this place after a friend said it was a well known gem with the japanese in charlotte. i enjoy restaurants that are run and frequented by people who know the food well. my friend and i came here on a thursday night around 8:30pm and were the only souls in the place. let me also say how hard it was to find this place. granted, it was raining and dark, but their sign was not lit and was hard to see amoungst the other places in this strip/suite mall. i was anxious to try the ramen noodles since it was a cold, rainy night and it sounded very comfortable, like memories from college days. the bowl was very large but could have used more noodles. i don't eat pork and there were 3 hefty slices in the bowl which my friend gladly ate. overall the ramen tasted good, but there could have been much more noodles and less broth. this would be a great meal to eat if you had a cold or wanted to be warmed quickly. my friend had the squid salad which was pretty good. we also had 3 different sushi rolls which were named after a baseball theme. the spicy tuna roll was pretty bland. it was wrapped in tuna and had spicy tuna in the middle of the rice roll. the tempura shrimp roll was good but a little large to eat with chopsticks or even your fingers! we also had some sort of avocado and crab roll which was fairly decent. overall this place was just ok. i may be back for some take out ramen but honestly i could probably just make my own at home for 95 cents and add some veggies.
i think my expectations were a little to high on this one. i was looking for some good ramen and decided to drive across town to musashi. unfortunately, i was not thrilled with the ramen there. it was not bad, but not what i was looking for. i also ordered a spicy tuna roll. the roll was overpowered by mayo and was not for me. the service however was good and the staff was friendly. just to many other better sushi places around town.
after a just okay visit to yama last week, the fella convinced me to try "the best sushi in charlotte" at musashi.  i'm not a sushi fan, but i can eat teriyaki chicken and veggies anywhere.  he said he hadn't been in years and was curious to see if they were still as awesome as he remembered.  they were.  he got 4 or 5 different types of rolls and all were good, but he said octopus is one of the best tests of sushi.  he said it was a smidgen chewy, but it's octopus.  the teriyaki chicken was good, but it came with soup, salad and egg salad... no grilled veggies like i'm used to.  it was tasty though.    our young waiter was super nice and accommodating this asian food nerd needed a fork, and he even bowed to say thank you when we left.  i would've never tried this place without the fella's suggestion since it's in a strip mall and the sign wasn't even lit when we got there, but it was very warm, inviting and unassuming with great food.
if you are looking for the most authentic japanese food in the charlotte area, this is your place. while it is in a strip mall, once we walked in, we were greeted with smiles and told to sit anywhere. the first thoughts we had were of japan while looking at the decor. our server was very attentive and helpful. absolutely no complaint about service here!   we have been here twice. the first time, we both got the tonkatsu ramen with a gyoza appetizer. the gyoza were perfect - served with a chile oil and soy sauce. the ramen was delicious and fresh with mushrooms, half an egg, three pieces of pork that were very tender, a piece of fish cake, and noodles with a lovely chewy texture. the broth tasted of every one of those things - a warm, inviting flavor.   the second visit, i got the tonkatsu ramen again, while my daughter got the tonkatsu bento box. her box came with a whole tonkatsu, 4pc. california roll, 2 shrimp tempora, 4 pc. vegetable tempora, a seaweed salad, miso soup, a small salad, a shrimp dumpling, a pork dumpling, and an egg roll. needless to say, we had enough food for lunch the next day. those two meals, plus sweetened tea for two, came to almost 42.00. for the atmosphere, the friendly service, and the authentic food, i can't wait to go back and try the river eel over rice! please don't pass this one by!
tonkatsu ramen!!! itadakimas!!  this place is authentic.  you'll find several decent types of sake and small plates here, from shisamo to hamachi kama. if you have not had either, you should try it. their agedashi tofu is also awesome.  they have both tonkatsu ramen and also miso ramen. buddy of mine has the latter and i think it is better than the tonkatsu ramen. the tonkatsu is good, but the broth of the miso ramen looked so rich and flavorful.  i had a few pieces of sashimi but the plan is to go back for more.
musashi holds a special place in my heart and i can't believe i haven't blown up their yelp page with my review! this restaurant is family-owned the owner is a sweet little lady and has been around for a while. musashi has and will always be my go-to place for simple, fresh and authentic. no sizzing grill, no fancy chefs or crazy tricks, just the core of japanese cuisine.   some friends and i decided to go to musashi for dinner last saturday. i've been craving their sashimi for weeks! they use the most high quality and best part of the fish so every single bite keeps you wanting more. salmon is my favorite. trust me, i kept yearning for a chance to go back. if you're more adventurous, i recommend the beef tongue! if you've never had beef tongue, it is soft yet slightly chewy. the pieces are sliced and the flavors just melt in your mouth! i don't think it's on the menu, but you can always ask the friendly staff. sadly, they ran out on this occasion. we've also tried the fukahire salad marinated shark fin/jelly fish salad, grilled sardines and a few other appetizers, but the sashimi and beef tongue are my favorites as far as appetizers. what can i say, we're some adventurous eaters!  now.. for the main course! my absolute favorite is the katsu-jyu, which is fried breaded pork cutlet with egg and onions, served over a bed of rice. a jyu box is actually the japanese's traditional method of presenting food how cool!. if you're not much of a pork fan, i would go with the chicken-katsu. if you're in the mood for some soup or traditional ramen, the tonkatsu ramen is also delicious! it is cooked in a pork bone base and served with japanese egg noodle, roasted pork slices, bamboo shoot and green onions. yummm.. this is definitely not where you want to stroll in and ask for a hibachi grill and shrimp sauce!  before i talk about dessert, i have to say that a meal at musashi is more of an experience. there are so many varieties that keeps you wanting more. many japanese restaurants are americanized and that special authenticity of the cuisine is lost. i'm glad to say that musashi still holds its roots close to the traditional culture. ready for the end of this food adventure? green tea or red bean ice cream is the only way to end this perfect meal!
my family has been a repeat customer and huge fans of this place for as long as i can remember.  i really don't think you can go wrong with anything on this menu; the food is authentic, as so many people have said below, and doesn't disappoint.  the setup of the restaurant is nice, and the servers are extremely nice and friendly.  i love a good bento box or bowl of ramen from here.  and out of all the sushi i've ever had, theirs is definitely at, or at least very near, the top of my list.  you can always count on this place for a satisfying lunch or dinner.
love this place. niku dofu dinner only dish is one of our favorite. green bean dessert is yummy.
i would say this place was just okay for me. nothing to amazing, but the server was nice. my husband did not like his sushi very much but i liked my vegetable tempura. our son did not eat most of his bento box and did not like his steak very much either.  maybe it was an off night or maybe it was just not as good a quality as they are used to, either way i don't think we will be back.
this restaurant is nestled in a little shopping center, but don't let the locale deceive you. the food here is outstanding - i got a musashi bento box probably should have went lighter on the soup and salad i had beforehand with some sort of citrusy wine. everything was excellent - it looks to be a family-owned business as well, and it shows with the excellent and courteous service of course, the place is usually busy, so don't come here expecting fast food, but our order arrived within reasonable time. do check this place out!
well, here goes my first review to chronicle my life-long love affair with food. i had in mind trying something new because how awfully long some reviews turn out to be - kinda like the length of this introduction. so, bottomline, i'm going to begin with a five words or less review.   authentic. attentive. explore the appetizers.  this place fills me with nostalgia. the menu selection and execution remind me of my mom's dishes and the local mom & pop establishments tucked away in the underbelly of japan.  you won't get a show with your teppan yaki, but what you will get is authentic, and delicious japanese food.   if you are looking to get past the more well known dishes and expand your experience with japanese food, i'd recommend the agedashi dofu, grilled mackerel get a side of rice with it, and nabe udon.   all in all after three times here, i've left with a feeling of happiness - due to some part of not having a rice cooker here nor a car to drive to the japanese market - that hasn't surfaced in quite some time, even back home in long beach, ca.  the only disappointment was the tonkotsu ramen. the broth needs some work.   5 stars.
authentic japanese food in an otherwise nondescript location. fresh and generously sliced sashimi, lightly breaded tempura done right [not a heavy batter used to disguise miniscule portions of vegetables and cocktail shrimp], flavorful ramen and noodles, and housemade sauces for nearly all their dishes, including the light miso-based salad dressing! we ordered the fried baby crabs and tofu for appetizers [tofu was divine...not overly cooked], then a sashimi platter, a ramen, an udon, a tonkatsu entree and the spicy pork belly w/kimchee dish [an unusual item for a japanese restaurant as i believe it's a korean dish, but wonderfully prepared nevertheless]. none of the dishes were too sauce-heavy or overly fried and the soups/broths were not too salty. as a result, you could actually taste the food...what a concept!
so this place comes highly recommended!! it is behind my favorite thai/vietnamese place viet-thai and once night we thought we'd check it out.  we had a couple rolls of sushi and i had the panko crusted chicken and the boyfriend had the teriyaki chicken. everything was good, but i wasn't blown away. i really wish the salad had a ginger dressing and i  may ask if they have it next time, but it has a sesame dressing. i hear they have the best ramen in town and over half of the patrons were japanese!! that speaks volumes...  fyi he loved the place but didn't think his chicken was the best. we both agreed we'd be back to try the ramen and udon!!
arrived, party of 6 on a wednesday night. host would not acknowledge our presence, wasted :30 mins of our time figuring out whether we could get a table or not.  terrible service.
this is the place to go for sushi in charlotte. the service is bar-none. super friendly and informative. i eat a lot of sushi and this is my to go list .the servers are more than happy to help teach you how to eat your food and what you are getting.  parking is easy.
i asked the cashier at hatoya for an authentic japanese restaurant, she gave me musashi.  my friend and i immediately wanted to check the restaurant out, only to find out that they open at 5:30pm..  we came back at 6:35pm.  place - the establishment is small, but gosh it was packed on a friday night at 6:45pm. one thing i have learned is to make reservations! it looked like almost more than half of the tables had "reserved" signs.  there were people behind us waiting for a table.. some left.  food - - tonkotsu ramen: i was craving for some ramen, and the ramen i had ordered was alright. i was hoping for the one i had tried in newyork or the one in houston.  the flavor of the pork tonkotsu ramen was there, but just missed the mark on presentation and other ingredients. definitely better than the others i have been to around charlotte.  - tonkatsu bento box: my friend's husband loved his bento tonkatsu box.  - katsu chicken entree: my husband had the katsu chicken and it was alright.   - salad: the salad ginger peanut dressing was good. - off the menu shrimp tempura roll: just shrimp tempura and the roll.. no.. other veggies - what?!  service - they are good about getting to you, when you ask for their service..  when they are busy, it may take them just a tad bit longer to get to you.  price - was alright, not too shabby, and reasonable at best.   so bottom line, i like the food... but i am in no dire need to come back. i would be happy to have their food at the japanese festival though.   i felt bad for the people who waited around the door for the next available seat/table.  my friends and i quickly paid for our dinner after we were done so they could be seated.
i hate to give a bad review on a rare restaurant that's actually run by japanese people apparently, but it just wasn't a good food. the sushi set i ordered was a typical americanized sushi affair. not authentic at all.  i also don't know where they find their cooks, but i seriously doubt the japanese guy behind the sushi counter was properly trained in the sushi making at least not in japan. just because the guy is a japanese, doesn't make him any kind of sushi master. it's a profession, not a nationality. he also was very slow in making his sushis. i had to wait at the counter for my sushi set for nearly 30 mins while the guy was chatting a bunch of lame stuff with other customers at the counter. not only he doesn't seem like a proper sushi cook, his work-attitude was not professional at all. they need to hire somebody else before he pisses off too many customers.
husband was craving chicken teriyaki & gyoza, so we found musashi. i was very unimpressed. we started with gyoza and edamame. neither were anything special. we then ordered a chicken teriyaki plate and a few sushi rolls. the chicken teriyaki was nothing more than some boiled chicken smothered in teriyaki sauce. was not good at all. the sushi was mediocre at best. while they were friendly and the service was pretty good - i will not be back.
we decided to try musashi on friday night after reading some other yelp reviews and i'm happy to say it was a great experience!  everyone in there seemed like regulars several were commenting that it was busier than usual on a friday night, and some seemed to have "their table."  just like another reviewer said, i always take it as a good sign when i visit an ethnic restaurant and see it full of people from that ethnicity.  we were definitely in the minority at musashi and so i knew the food would be very authentic and awesome.  the service was a little slow and disorganized, so that's the only reason i can't give musashi 5 stars.  i ordered the vegetable tempura dinner that came with rice and miso soup and it was fantastic.  we also had the vegetable spring roll appetizer.  my food arrived to the table about 15 minutes prior to my husband's sushi.  would've been nice to eat together but it wasn't a deal breaker.  like i said, a little disorganized but otherwise very good.    we will definitely go back to musashi - great food, authentic experience and well priced.
very enjoyable evening.  fantastic service by the wait staff and entertaining performance by the chef.  would recomend for a good change of pace from the norm.
great place i've been in north carolina for 3 years now and i've seen this place and was always scared to go in due to it looking small. well , the hell with the outside! best japanese food 8 charlotte and authentic.
tried this restaurant on the recommendation of a friend.  we had the vegetable tempura, tonkotsu ramen, and chicken katsu cutlet.  i will update this review as necessary after trying the sushi side of their menu.  pros:  - the food here is authentic.  i am not japanese, but this restaurant's dishes taste identical to those i tasted when visiting osaka/tokyo.  as far as i know, this place is the only restaurant in the charlotte area with authentic ramen noodle soups. -it seems they make their own tonkatsu sauce.  it was not as sweet as the bottled version that is available from asian grocery stores.  the perfectly balanced tonkatsu sauce was a pleasant surprise.  -service was good, and food came out very quickly.  the entrees came out before we were finished with the tempura appetizer. -price is reasonable, perhaps a touch high.   cons:   -the restaurant space is cramped.  musashi crams as many 2 and 4 person tables into the space that they can.  there is a large area dedicated for tatami room style dining.  that area was not in use and made the restaurant seem like a suboptimal arrangement/floorplan. -the restrooms are single person restrooms.  they are located behind the kitchen and when i checked the floors leading to the restrooms were sticky, presumably from spilled food/drink. -the portion sizes are not consistent.  the tempura appetizernotably no onion rings was about 7-8 small vegetables, which i consider to be small.  the chicken cutlet portion was gigantic, containing two chicken breasts along with two generous portions of sides.  my ramen was just the right size.
japanese owned japanese restaurant.  i had a chirashi couple of days ago, it was very good! they have verity of japanese food not only teriyaki, sushi or rolls. 5 stars.
reman was ok, but the sashimi i ordered was terrible... it doesn't look fresh, the cut is not clear,  and it even has some chewy stuff in my tuna and another kind of fish. never know sashimi can be this bad. worst sashimi experience ever.
best japanese restaurant i've found in charlotte so far. i'm japanese and so i can get pretty picky with my japanese food.  i like that there is a japanese owner and sushi chef and a menu full of authentic dishes. none of that asian fusion stuff.
awesome! we had the fried baby crabs... they were so good that we placed a second order. i could have eaten just those for dinner!  hubby had the sushi deluxe plate, and enjoyed the chef's selections. i ordered the chirashi, and it was great.  i have to mention their salmon. it was fresh, buttery, and utterly delightful. i'm craving it now that i'm typing this!  their service was prompt and friendly. the restaurant is small but efficient.  we have found our new favorite sushi in charlotte, and will be at muashi japanese restaurant often.
a group of friends and i had a great time at musashi.  we were in the elevated room with floor seating.  i have not had traditional ramen soup before - it was great!  i think we were probably a little much for the typical crowd there so maybe don't show up with a ton of bros in tow.
i used to like musashi back in the days i lived in charlotte. my japanese teachers would tell me to go here and a lot of people who knew about the culture would recommend here. i remember my first time at musashi i saw the most japanese people in charlotte ever and i started to believe that it must be the closest one to have the authentic taste.  well so from my old memories i visited again with my mom but only to prove myself wrong.  the lady wasn't so friendly but i don't mind she was like that all the time. we sat ourselves at the bar and ordered a spider roll and another roll i don't remember, a tempura udon, and a chicken katsu.   i got to see the sushi guy making my rolls and thought to myself wtf is he making? there was no delicacy. i was surprised when he handed me the dish. i obviously wasn't happy to see the result. the rolls were warm like there was no sushi rice. it was just regular white rice so it pretty much tasted awful especially with not much crab. the amount of rice was ridiculous i thought i was eating onigiri, or rice ball.  then my chicken katsu and my mom's udon came out. the chicken katsu was just what i was expecting, nothing more nor nothing less. rice, chicken, salad, additional side item and this time was tuna pasta salad? and miso soup. it was good. just normal chicken katsu. not so crispy this time. the portion is pretty big. my mom liked the udon. the broth was clear and light color, the tempuras came out on a separate plate. tempuras were just ok.   the sushi was very disappointing but the rest was fine. i don't know if i'll comeback when i'm in town again. maybe to get the katsu if i crave some teishoku style meal bc its my comfort food. but definitely no sushi at musashi. i just want to say that just because it's owned by japanese don't automatically assume that it'll be good.
went there saturday noon they open at 12pm but people were waiting outside before 12pm so you can tell it should be a good place. nice katsu & eel with rice. many japanese go there.
probably the only authentic japanese restaurant in charlotte. they have the regular bowls and dishes served in normal every day meal, not just sushi. personally i like the tonkatsu ramen and all the bento items. unagi broiled eel here is just ok
delicious worth the drive from huntersville.  best sushi i've had in a while. the shuman dumplings were perfect. very traditional japanese.   red bean ice cream for desert pleasant surprise
whenever i am in charlotte, i practically beg my friends to take me to musashi! for three years, i have gone to this japanese restaurant for their miso ramen and croquettes. both of which are truly amazing! them miso ramen always has such tender pork in it, and the broth is fantastic!  my last visit which was last thursday, i finally got to sample their sushi. i have some unagi bbq'ed eel and some ebi cooked shrimp with some vinegar. i had never had unagi and ebi that was this flavorful! the ebi had the perfect amount of vinegar taste to it, and the unagi had a wonderful bbq sauce on it. the green tea they serve is always hot and a great way to compliment any meal.  the atmosphere includes a private section that is like a traditional japanese restaurant. it is closed off by some sliding doors. it also has  a hole under the table for you to place your legs when you sit.  the rest of the restaurant is brightly lit and a cozy feel to it.  the staff is always friendly and kind, and you really could not ask for any better. they always feel very attentive to their customers. if your glass of tea is nearly empty, someone will be by in a few minutes to ask if you want more and then refill it.  musashi is my favorite japanese restaurant in all of north carolina. it is a shame it is so far away from me, but it's worth the trip when i am in the area. if you are looking for some fantastic sushi, tempura, or ramen, this is the place to go!
after a visit to san francisco chinatown to eat ramen noodles, i had a huge craving for real ramen noodles.  a friend of mine recommended musashi as an authentic japanese restaurant, so i decided to give it a try.  i ordered the udon noodle soup and it was almost what i remember eating in san francisco.  i also ordered a small roll just to try the sushi.   both were excellent.    it's great that we can get authentic japanese food in charlotte.  i just wish it wasn't such a drive for me.
very authentic japanese food. highly recommend for anyone looking to experience real japanese cuisine. not your typical teriyaki or hibachi steak kind of place. for someone who lived in japan musashi will feel just like home. and for those who hasn't it will be a rewarding experience. try the ramen!
so far i've only had the ramen but it is so delicious. honestly i started craving real restaurant ramen while i was watching naruto and it was as good as i could have imagined and i'm so glad i found a place that's in the area. i also tried their steamed dumplings as an appetizer and they tasted incredibly fresh.
pretty tasty and very authentic. for some reason, it was white guy/asian wife night plus kids. good thing, my hubs and i fit in. also, i need to brush up on my japanese so i can read the secret menu.
after hearing my dad rave about this place we decided to do his birthday dinner here. he doesn't rave about anything, which means it has to be good. he used to work for a japanese company and they would frequent this place after work.   i'm a japanese food novice, so i let my dad order everything. their menu is simple and so is their layout. just two ladies were serving a packed restaurant and they really kept up quite well. but you don't care about that. the food was amazing. i'm excited to add musashi to my regular rotation.
came back for ramen and so very glad i did!! this place had some absolutely delicious ramen that was flavored and cooked to perfection. i am not a ramen expert but it's the best i've had in charlotte.   again their other food is good and authentic and while i originally said i wasn't blown away i feel like it might be a slight injustice. the food at musashi's is made to be good. it's kind of like when your mom or grandmother cooks. you know you love it and it tastes amazing to you but it's not something you see in a fancier establishment so you don't feel impressed. however it is exactly that good and tastes great and that's what you get from musashi's!
the pork ramen is indeed delicious, as are the sushi, gyoza & shrimp tempura! hands-down the most authentic japanese restaurant in south charlotte. highly recommended!!!
this is as close as it gets in this town. good variety of standards and super friendly environment.
not a place to die for.  good sushi place is hard to come by in charlotte, especially in the ballantyne area.  fish here is ok, not much selection.  noodle tastes like the ones from package.  but the cutlets are good, had it few times.  had their bento box, disappointed by the portion they give you and the price they charge, made me feel like i was paying the nyc price.
lunch review:  we pulled up at 11:45 am to discover that they didn't open till 12 for lunch. we waited patiently in the car. at 12 pm, the sign flipped to open and a people started emerging from their car to walk in. the restaurant itself is pretty tiny. there were a few booths, two small 2-top tables, a few larger tables pushed together and a separate, traditional dining area for larger parties.  they had their lunch special a and lunch special b out to view on a table near the register. i ordered the lunch special a - rice with beef on top and a smaller bowl of pork ramen. the beau ordered the miso ramen. overall, i enjoyed my food and he enjoyed his. it really wasn't anything to rave about though. pretty standard. definitely not the best ramen i've had, but hey... it was charlotte good.   a few things i found annoying... the floors were slightly sticky feeling and the service was curt at best. i won't be going out of my way to return unless i have a huge hankering for ramen.
just an update, still great food... prices have scooted up over the past couple of years. lunch box is 10 something now and nabeyaki udon is 15
super authentic casual japanese restaurant.  its accessible bento boxes and katsu dishes earn it plaudits, but the more rarefied fish both grilled and rare are what attract me.    the staff is japanese and the walls are covered in japanese baseball regalia near the sushi bar.  they take some time to warm up, but the servers and sushi chefs will eventually crack a smile.  the crowd is fairly brutal ordering a motley assortment of spicy rolls and fried dishes, but i suppose that's unsurprising.  musashi is very casual, and so one needs to excuse the floppy menus, powdered wasabi and pink ginger.   where they spend their money is carrying an assortment of fish.  here's a rundown on what i had:  - sashimi platter - i ordered a la cart a large sampling, but you can do one piece each so everything's very small portion wise.   as i said...authentic! - anago - delicious, buttery - ika - squid was a highlight, very light and with a touch of crunch - surf clam - also delicious, i was feeling their bivalves.   they cater to the japanese palette - tako - fresh and delicately flavorful.  i chomped on it with some shiso leaf and lemon which added zest   - ebi - slightly more flavorful than usual - saba - marinated and tasty - hamachi, sake, hirame, maguro - fairly standard although the salmon was better than expected - ikura - i got this sushi style and was delighted by the freshness and the sushi rice is great here.  a good touch of mirin and served slightly above room temperature.    i thought the knife work could have been prettier with the sashimi, however, the selection and relative freshness were both very good.  they didn't have any special fish such as toro - they said that specials come in during the weekends.   they were out of uni too but sea urchin is not in season apparently.    - hamachi kama - very fresh, not previously frozen, cooked with some interesting spices  - mackerel - grilled and salted to perfection.  inside secret they get very good mackerel and cook it perfectly so fatty, juicy interior with a crisp skin - sanma - a little bit of a pain to eat, since i don't do the guts, however, some lemon brings to life and a simply flavorful light fish
we've been looking for a good authentic ramen place and finally found one in charlotte! this is almost on par with the restaurants in la or sf. the broth was cooked just right and the noodles tasted hand-made! the service was excellent and will definitely try to come back again. check this place out and save yourself a drive to atl or dc
went to this place to order the ramen that everyone has raved about...it's too bad that i could not focus on enjoying the ramen, because the place was just too dirty and grimy! i sat in a booth close to the wall and thought for sure i would catch a fungus just by sitting too close to the dirty wall. the table was also sticky and gross!  there sanitation score was a 90 and something tells me that's pretty high for them. the ramen was just ok...but i think if you can't properly clean your tables and your walls - that something even more disgusting, disturbing and dirty is lurking in the kitchen.  i was not impressed and will never go back!
my family has been loyally going here about 1-2 times a week for, about 10 years: the most authentic, family-style run japanese restaurant youll find.
well first time i've really had "authentic" japanese; "non-americanized" no chicken covered in sugar sauce here. the chicken katsu is what i laid my eyes upon and i was pleasantly surprised when it came out. a good portion of chicken with many veggie and fruit options; highly recommend.  the place is small. the service is courteous but slow. those are negative remarks that only hold it back slightly. if you enjoy changing it up on your taste buds, check it out.
nice decor, cute place, very great service. the miso and pork bone ramen were really good but just a little bit more expensive than what i'm used to!
we moved to charlotte in summer 2013 and we are so blessed to find this restaurant. i worked for a japanese company and i have taken several japanese guests to this place. all of them claimed that the dishes are very original and they felt that they are in tokyo.  our family eats at this place once a week. chirazi sushi, agedashi tofu, tonkatsu and ramen/udon are our typical order.
i'm a fan of their food - service is a different story. i have been here on several occasions, and there's always a stone cold looking older japanese lady who never cracks a smile. honestly i'm more scared of her than anything else. the other ladies are nicer, but please keep in mind language is a definite barrier ex. asking for anything more than the basics will likely not get you any answer. having a large party in that tatami room is nice, but it is not the best idea during friday & saturday nights peak time... let's just say it can be very chaotic.  with that being said, i love their food. it's my friend's favorite place for ramen and japanese homecooking. they have some sushi but not a big selection. personally i prefer nigiri and sashimi.  they have a japanese menu - i found out from my parents' chinese friends. again communicating with the waitstaff is difficult but it's worth the work to order something different.
this place is amazing!  but if youre looking for hibachi and white sauce this isn't you're place. this is authentic and i love it. they don't even have white sauce here
place was good.  small and very authentic which i liked!  very pleased with the place
they are one of the few if not the only japanese family-style restaurant in the south charlotte & uptown area.  with only 10+ tables served by three wait staff during peak hours, be prepared for a small wait for a table at weekends.   they have lunch sets that change on a daily basis which offer a good choice of salads, sushi and small bites. we also enjoy coming here in the evenings and ordering from the izakaya style japanese menu that includes a good selection of grilled fish saury, mackerel and "hokke". their sushi is also ok, but it won't knock you off your chair in terms of freshness and taste.
just like you're in japan.  food is fantastic and 100 authentic.  prices are great for lunch, normal for dinner.  be sure to check the "a" and "b" lunch choices when you walk in.  they're always displayed up front, with plastic wrap on them.  some things to expect that are a little unique: -closed on tuesday -doesn't open until 12pm, closed between lunch and dinner -orders come out when ready for each person, not all at once -small restaurant, normally pretty crowded
i really enjoy japanese food and had heard how authentic musashi was. well, that is true. it is authentic and just as bland as some of the japanese restaurants in japan. the ingredients were fresh and my nabeyaki udon tasted good and was hot and savory. it just had no spice at all to it. once i shook in a lot of the spice they brought with it, it became a decent meal. if this was available at pho prices, i would be back. however, with that dish costing $15+, i'd rather pick up some fresh bok choy and some myojo udon noodle packets and diy udon at home.
the food and atmosphere was quite charming.   had the ramen soup and it was very light and flavorful. highly recommend to try this quaint little place
located in a small plaza is an authentic japanese restaurant. very small establishment but has a seating area where you can sit down and feel like your in a japanese house. service was excellent, got seated immediately and food came out really quickly faster than sonics. limited on choices for lunch but all was excellent. soft rice to crispy katsu equals great quality. will be coming back again to try others on the menu! recommend the katsu-don and katsu curry.
i've been here twice. each time i've gotten ramen. i must say, they're consistant. the ramen is delicious and fresh.   service was great, staff friendly. place is small, expect to be seated near people you don't know.  i look forward to trying the sushi, but until then i have nothing bad to say.
if you want authentic japanese come here! i absolutely love sue and the sushi chef! they are so sweet and awesome. great japanese food :
very authentic for the area.   however, i wouldnt exactly call this "100 authentic".   it is definitely the most authentic we've had in nc.   there was a line out the door and only one server so we waited over 20 minutes before even speaking to someone.  we were seated but only received one menu so we shared it.   we were served after four other tables that arrived after us.  we ordered tea and water and our server forgot my tea.  the tea seems powdered.   husband got shoyu ramen, and i wanted chicken katsu curry, but the chicken katsu is $8, apparently it's five additional dollars for the curry sauce.  so i ordered the tempura instead.   it was very good.  we also got pork shumai, but there was hard bone bits my husband almost cracked his tooth on, and the consistency of the rest of the shumai was complete mush.  the gyoza i recieved with my tempura was very good.   we ordered an additional side of gyoza and those came with barely any sauce and were burned black on the bottom.  his noodles were very good, firm, stretchy, chewy, delicious.   very good flavor in the broth.    we will be back to give this place another shot, they just seemed a bit too busy and a little understaffed.  also, we wont order the shumai again, it just didn't seem right to us.
best authentic japanese restaurant in charlotte! the sushi is always fresh and delicious. from simple rolls, like the california roll, to their more complex and modern rolls, like the yankee roll, is delicious. everything else on the meal is great. i've had their ramen, katsu, almost everything and it's delicious.   it is a small restaurant so i would call and make a reservation.  they also have specials and certain items that aren't on their menu. just ask if you want to try something new and exciting.
where should start? parking is abundant in this tiny strip of stores. musashi is, from what i've experienced, is an authentic japanese-family-run establishment. having japanese parents and having lived in nara for a part of my life, i longed for the real japanese taste in food. u can taste it in their miso soup made with dashi. u can taste it in their croquette dipped in tonkatsu sauce. mmmm. when i check out a new japanese restaurant, i always go for the chirashi to see what hidden treasure i might discover and boy i think i had mirugai in it!!! i don't think i was dreaming!?!!  back in japan, i missed the chirashi which had unique sashimi pieces like even awabi!!! this natsukashii omoi... arigatoo musashi! i will be back most certainly. it is not a fancy restaurant. its portions do not speak in volume but rather in flavor. if you've bn to japanese restaurants run by chinese, you will b able to taste the difference. some people rate by volume value. this is rated by aji flavor value.
truly authentic japanese food. the staff is always friendly and welcoming. their ramen and udon are both very solid. the bento boxes give you a chance to sample a little of everything and they are delicious. my personal favorites are the gyoza and pork shumai. i have been known to order them for dessert while the wife prefers the green tea ice cream. if you crave japanese go check them out, you will not be disappointed.
a cute little place!! and really yummy authentic japanese food.  it's hard to find an authentic asian cuisine around charlotte, there are many good sushi and hibachi places, but there's always a little something that makes the restaurant a bit more of a asian american fusion. musashi is one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte because it is one of the most authentic restaurants both in the interior and the food, and the servers are attentive. i frequent this restaurant on a weekly/bi-weekly basis :
awesome sushi great environment only two servers and yet they still managed to help us and get us everything on time amazing place definitely coming back
authentic japanese items on the menu that you don't see at other japanese restaurants. my favorites items have to be the ramen. it's way better ramen than futobuta in south end. we enjoyed sitting at the sushi bar and watching the sushi chef create beautiful dishes. the place is really popular and event a wait at 6:30pm on a friday.
the best service i've had in a long time! all of our food was made to order. i just loved that! the inside is small the staff is friendly and the prices are great!
i found this restaurant through yelp and i saw that people really liked the ramen. now i have been to japan and the best ramen i have had in the us was in dc. i was not sure what to expect when we went to musashi. from the outside it looked like a cheap place, with maybe adequate sushi. the inside was a whole different story. it felt genuine and warm. all the food items sounded delicious. nothing was too salty or greasy. the stuff we ordered tasted great. i got the miso ramen which was super flavorful. the tempura shrimp was very juicy. it was not like some restaurants where the fried part overpowers the taste of the actual food. definitely try out this restaurant!
the place a hole in the wall with handwritten signs all over the place. the food is decent at a fair price and the people are friendly. i most likely will return.
this is the place for great priced hibachi. the selections are the same as those restaurants who put on a show but also charge double for the food. the food is always fresh and the service is always friendly. i moved back here from california recently and i can say that i've really missed these guys! would recommend to friends & family.
i just started teaching nearby and thought i'd try this place out. yes, it is bare bones when you walk in, but you should know that by the "express" in the restaurant's name. this is somewhere to get your eats and keep it moving. the portions are huge and at a fair price. service is quick and food it hot. i ordered chicken and shrimp combo. both were moist, and with broccoli, mushrooms, and carrots i didn't feel so bad about my japanese craving. i'll definitely return!
don't waste your time. overpriced low quality hibachi. you can tell from the moment you walk in cardboard handwritten signs screaming no return/ not responsible for food issues that maybe you should turn around and leave. i however made the mistake of staying. i purchased the beef teriyaki combo which was rung up wrong and had to be fixed after i waited for my food for 20 mins. the beef was over cooked and too lightly sauced, the rice was bland and carrots overcooked into mush. not worth the stomach ache i had the rest of the day.
this place is good if you want a quickie! good japanese hibachi and an inexpensive place. it is a simple restaurant with no fancy decor. no private parking. large dining room and has public restrooms! would recommend!
great food! i have been going here for several years & they never disappoint. i love the sweet carrots.
the food is okay. i should have made this at home, i have before and it was a lot better.i have never in my life had bell peppers in fried rice . i ordered hibachi steak,  medium well. i received well done steak, extra chewy. needless to say, i will not be eating here again.
my boyfriend came with me to eat but was not eating. it took 20 minutes for my plate to come out. in the meantime i drank all of my coke, when i went to ask for a refill the lady said no refills when sharing! i told her we are not sharing that i bought my plate and i'm the only one eating and she kept pointing to the sign that said "no refills if sharing" i told her again he did not drink any of it and he is just sitting with me. she still would not give me a refill then i asked for water and she just looked at me like i was stupid. i ate my meal without anything to drink and i told her their service was far from acceptable and i would never come back if that's how they treat their customers. take your money elsewhere.
this place could certainly be 4 stars on a good day but the food is almost always over cooked. the taste is pleasant but no more exceptional than what you can make at home.   the reason why many of us in the community return time after time is the price. their menu is shockingly cheap and the amount of food you get is beyond gracious.  staff is always friendly and food is prepared quickly.
my kids love this place and judging by the number of other families in the place their kids love it to.   we usually split the meals between the kids and my wife and i split also. they give you so much food you can never eat it all. we've asked for special order food here before due to food allergies and they have bent over backwards for us.   if you are looking for high end sushi or japanese food this isn't your place. i'd say it is a nice place to take your kids, they get entertained by the chef while mom and dad eat in peace at least as much as you can get.  this resturant is right behind a highshool field so watch out if it is a game night parking can get crazy.
my closest sushi is complemented by a neighborhood friendliness in the staff that makes the environment a great meal.  i've never received an order of sushi from the chef, in either take-out or at the bar service that wasn't followed up with friendly care and conversation.  i even feel guilty that i can't recall his name tonight.  in today's post-modern chill, RESTAURANT_NAME staff works to keep a neighborhood feel at the sushi bar, and congenial conversation if you're looking for it.  i've always been pleased with the sushi, as well as treated to a few of the chef's off-menu creations every once in a while.    to most establishments the art of service is lost, here it is practiced with eastern respect.
our favorite sushi restaurant in charlotte, by far.  you can waste your money at all of the chi-chi, trendy joints in town - or you can go to RESTAURANT_NAME, where the sushi is delicious and cheap!
i have to rate RESTAURANT_NAME on the level of all the other places in charlotte and surrounding and it certainly does not match up well at all . i did try their sushi and the teppanyaki. the sushi was basically grocery store level maybe even worse and the teppanyaki was overly salty. the quality of all there food simply was not there. they did put on a decent show though and i would recommend it for families with kids or if you live near by and do not want to travel to the other better places. other than that they have similar prices to other places so it is a waste of your money.
the japanese food here is nasty compare to other places in charlotte. i've been here a couple of times with my co workers, but what really irks me about this place was the other week i was craving for japanese food so i order a to-go plate to pick up for lunch. how about they charge a 15 to-go gratitude!!! you heard that right. i've never seen such a place charged you for tip when you aren't even sitting in there asking for service. my to go meal ended up being $16 bucks after taxes and tip.   on top of that the fried rice was bland, its basically just cook in tons of butter. the meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies! they definately won't be getting my business again!!
i've been to the university area and tyvola locations and this year we tried this one for my oldest sisters birthday dinner with the fam.  i found a buy 1 get 1/2 off coupon online and brought it with me.  it was pretty empty at 5:30 on a wednesday, so no trouble getting a table and we were sat right away.  our server was nice and he got our drink order and soups our right away.  had some mai tai's to start, sooo strong it took me the whole dinner to drink mine.  we all pretty much got shrimp and it was fishy, should have gotten the jumbo shrimp which is what they used for the shrimp appetizer.  everything else was pretty good though, love the veggies and they give you noodles in addition to rice here.  i only wish they did the sprouts here, i love sprouts!!  our chef was done really fast since we had all shrimp and 1 rare steak.  the server at one point asked whose birthday it was and then that was it, not even an offer if any of us wanted dessert, just gave us the check.  no big deal since we were stuffed, but different from any other japanese steak house i've been to where they usually sing and give a complimentary dessert.  oh well it was still a decent reasonably priced meal and the nephews love it so i'm sure we'll be back for her bday next year!
i like this place alot.  nice cooks, host.  i've been to this location, the university and tyvola.... something about this place that makes me come back.. maybe b/c it was my 1st... awwww ain't that sweet  like tracy d. i printed off the same coupon a few times before and it worked w/o a hitch. i didn't get the "hoollll brother, her's a cheap skate" look. i just printed off a coupon yesterday 11/16 before i posted this.. ain't that a co-inky-dink!  i do wanna try to bar, and just do some sushi and saki.   i have nothing bad to say about this place. go, try it, have fun.. take the kids too. it will be a good expierence for them.
after my liquid diet at mellow mushroom and still craving sushi, i drove north up johnston rd to this location.   walked to the "bar" and had 5 different kinds of sushi:  yakitori - chicken and scallion skewers grilled with teriyaki sauce dilworth salmon, crab, masago, breaded, fried, rerolled w/rice RESTAURANT_NAME shrimp, cucumber, masago, shitake mushroom rainbow crab, avocado, cucumber, tuna, salmon, whitefish salmon crunchy roll salmon & crab lightly deep fried w/ panko bread crumbs   arigato RESTAURANT_NAME's....... arigato!!
RESTAURANT_NAME is your run-of-the-mill japanese steakhouse. different stations with chefs slinging shrimp tails around the communal dining areas like it's a lunchtime magic show. always a plethora of laughs and gags going around the group.   this place is great for lunch. $9 and 30 minutes and you're out the door. uhhh...if i'm craving a salad with ginger dressing, which i always am, you do too. admit it fried rice, steak, shrimp and white sauce dude then RESTAURANT_NAME is king of lunch options in my book. always super clean and full of kindhearted staff. the parking lot is super difficult to get in and out of though. 51 traffic at lunch is a beast. good luck getting stuck behind someone trying to cut across traffic at 12pm on a weekday. it's murder. this place would greatly benefit from another exit/entrance or a stoplight. here's hoping....  you can't really shake a stick at balanced lunch when you can have soup or a salad, veggies, fried rice and a choice of a protein for under $10 and be back out the door and headed back to the office or meeting. glad to see these guys have taken this into account. though, you should know that the $10 offering mostly comes in the protein department. some may require more steak or chicken, which can be sparse.   service is always quick and friendly. they do a wonderful job of memorizing orders. rarely has it come to pass that my order has been mal-delivered. quick on refills and i love that they always offer a to-go beverage. "why, yes! i would love a diet coke to go! how thoughtful!" pretty much always my thought process.   this place also does full dinner options and has sushi. neither of which i have tried to date, but would happily oblige if the option was presented.   thanks for the quick and entertaining lunch/service, RESTAURANT_NAME!
let's start with the good things about this place.  the theatrics by the cooking staff is great.  they talk to each other, crack jokes, and have a great time doing what they do.  it would be a great place to take your kids.  there were a lot of young well behaved children there enjoying themselves when i went there for dinner.  there is also a little koi pond with a bridge that you walk over when you head to the hibachi grills.    the quality of the food at RESTAURANT_NAME is about average.  one thing that was a little disappointing, was the portions.  even though i was the only one at the table to finish their meal, i feel that at similar restaurants i have gotten larger portions.   lunch time is a lot lighter as well, but for about $9 you get a protein and two sides.  they say that they will get you in and out in 30 minutes for lunch.  sometimes this will happen and sometimes it will not.    another thing i should mention is that i got a 22oz kirin that was past it's "enjoy by" date.  not far enough where i wanted to fuss but i would probably will stick to more common beers there you would think that would be common.
RESTAURANT_NAME is one of those places i can come once a year and be done with it. average japanese steakhouse experience.  the service is friendly and the food is good but it's just not as amazing of an experience as it would seem. the bar drinks are not very innovative and are just sugary mixers and liquor. the kids do enjoy the 'spectacle' of the noise and cooking but once it's over everyone is just sitting there eating around a huge table.
initial reaction upon walking in - in need of renovation.   i decided to stay as my daughter had never been to this type of restaurant.   staff was very friendly hostess, waitress and chef.   i found the food to be good but expensive for what you get.   ice berg lettuce salad was very disappointing.    most importantly, i was not comfortable with the cleanliness of the restaurant under table, under and around stove they cook on.     i won't be back.   if they totally renovate i might give it one more try
well it's not the place it use to be. we went there for my birthday per the kids request and we had the typical experience which was a lot of banging, a lot of yelling and a lot of fire. i can understand why kids love this place, me not so much. i use to enjoy their food back in the day but now you don't get nearly the amount you use to get and what is with "japanese katsup?" that stuff is nasty. didn't they use to give you two sauces? i had to ask for something different and truth be told that sauce wasn't much better and the chef seemed upset with me when i told him i wasn't a fan of the japanese katsup. dude get over it and go make your ring of fire.   the food was meh. miso soup which really was chix broth with a little and i stress little sliced scallion and 2 thin slices of mushrooms, a salad which was iceberg bleh and their famous ginger dressing, which i do admit, i like.  the entrees were meh as well. i had the fillet, scallops and shrimp. my husband had the fillet and lobster. our steaks were cooked perfectly but i think the chef was upset at the seafood because he murdered it. every piece of seafood was so overcooked, it was like we had the fillet with rubber bands. i understand you want to put on a show but can you at least do it with the zucchini and leave the seafood be?  that evening my son and i had some sushi as well and i will say the fish was very fresh. had i known the chef was going to incinerate my entree, i would have just stuck with the sushi.
excellent food and service. the staff is very friendly and make you feel like home. i will recommend this please.
if it were possible to give a restaurant a negative rating, this establishment would receive it.  my family and i have frequented RESTAURANT_NAME for years, but it has deteriorated so significantly we will never return.  the restaurant is run down, and not cleaned thoroughly.  on our trip tonight my four year old asked why it smelled bad when walking in the door.  the quality of the food has substantially gone down while the prices have increased.  the vegetables on the hibachi were not done at all, while the steak i ordered had a rancid taste.  when i complained the "owner" started raising her voice at me in front of my young daughter and three other family members screaming that she would not allow me to say the steak i had been served was spoiled.  there is a reason this restaurant is having to run specials on a large plastic sign out front, and why the last time we visited there was only one other table in the entire restaurant.  it is very sad to watch a once good local establishment run into the ground.
i remember coming to RESTAURANT_NAME and the chefs would actually entertain you - no matter how old you are. nowadays, you can't get them to smile at you. i went to lunch with my mother earlier this week and we were appalled at how bad the customer service was. they close at 2pm and as mom and i walked in at 1:15, the hostess assumed we would have the express. we told her we were having the regular hibachi. little did we know, she would sit us down with a group that had already ordered their food and the chef was just starting to cook! there were plenty of empty seats on the other grill, and not to mention, since it was only 1:15 of course there were more patrons coming in! the chef had to stop what he was doing several times to ask the waitress if she could take our orders, and help out like she's suppose to. that is not cool. also, if it's 1:50p and you have patrons coming to your restaurant, you shouldn't have to hurry them out of the door either. i don't like being rushed through my lunch so that you can have 2 or 3 hours to clean or do whatever you do before dinner. when 2:00p rolls around, just lock the door and as patrons leave, just escort them out and lock the door as they leave. it's that simple. we do it all the time in retail. i would give RESTAURANT_NAME at least a 4 rating, but i would highly recommend that they work on their customer service first. hopefully, when i see better results from other patrons on here, i'll be back.
not my favorite experience at a japanese steakhouse. my food was good-- not phenomenal, but good. my waiter was relatively inattentive and spoke limited english, and thus, got my order wrong; thankfully, everything is made in front of you, so this was fixed and i enjoyed my filet and lobster as ordered. that stated, this place is just too loud and i'm eighteen, so that says a lot, and the service feels rushed.  my suggestion? go to the nakato down the road.
this is my favorite hibachi place. when we started going to this location over 3 years ago, we only went once in a while for a nice fun dinner. eventually, we learned about their express lunch special which made it affordable for us to go a lot more often! for the express lunch, you will get smaller portions than you do at dinner, but you're paying less, too. i, for one, love the express lunch portions because they're perfect for me! i can rarely clean my plate of all of the food at a full dinner. as with any place, you never know who you're going to get as a chef. some of the chefs are laid back and fun to casually chat with or joke with while they prepare your food. some go through the motions of the showmanship and some simply come, cook, and leave. i will admit that the express lunch service hasn't been as efficient lately as it's been in the past it used to be seated, orders, food, check, out and now has a lot of down time and waiting. sometimes you'll go a while without a drink refill which is a bit of a pain with how small the glasses are and how much ice is in them. sometimes it gets difficult to flag someone down. you can still be in and out in about 45-60 mins which isn't bad for a freshly-cooked lunch mid-workday. we hope to be checking out the fairly new express dinner next week as we'll have family in town who will be on a budget.  tip: if you get your salad with ginger dressing, hold on to your bowl when you're done and dip your meats in the ginger dressing. it's tasty.  tip: chopsticks and ginger dipping sauce must be asked for. you will only be provided with one sauce instead of the two that most other places provide.  tip: if you are having trouble flagging someone down, nicely tell your chef what you need. the waitstaff are quick to respond to a request from the chef and they're usually a lot better at getting the attention of the runners.
oh no, RESTAURANT_NAME.  went with bf's family for a family celebration.  we had reserved the large room for our group.  when we arrived, we were told by the hostesses to wait to speak with the manager.  the bedraggled manager plodded over and informed us that the room had been mistakenly double-booked and another party had already been seated in the room.  she tried for about 25 seconds to be pleasant and apologetic, but then her willingness to make her customers happy wore thin.  she harumphed and threw her hands in the air while saying, "we made a mistake.  what do you want us to do?"  well, i definitely want you to learn how to act like a professional.  we declined being seated amongst the party in the large room and took one of the tables in the middle of the dining room.  the place was shabby and the floor was filthy.  i mean, i typically wouldn't notice, because i'm not looking at the floor, but it was noticeably dirty.  the food was average.  the one highlight: the chef was professional, light-hearted and entertaining.  he couldn't save the day, though.  i would not return, and i cannot recommend.
we enjoyed a nice dinner. my goddaughters and i love going here. the service and food were excellent. the chef accommodated one of us who needed gluten free and was very nice about it. very nice evening!
my experience was okay.  hibachi meals are not my favorite, but my 9 yr old date was the boss, so hibachi it was!  after a previous disappointing experience at nakato, i chose RESTAURANT_NAME.  the interior feels sort of uninspired, but i didn't notice that it was unclean. the menu seems a bit more limited than other hibachi grills, but there were still plenty of choices.  in the end, it was all pretty standard - watery soup, iceberg with ginger dressing although they do give you the choice of ranch, veggies, noodles, rice and protein.  the white sauce was good.  no ginger sauce - that was disappointing!  the chef was fine, he was good with the kids at our table, but not as friendly with the adults.  our server was excellent though!  she was very efficient and attentive.  for two of us adult and one child, the bill with tip was over $40, which i am frugal enough to feel entitles me to a really great meal.  RESTAURANT_NAME was just okay though.
it was a very fun experience.  the food was good, fast and lots of it!  took my mother in law for her bday so that it was something different that normal steak house.  the chef was somewhat entertaining, but not near us much as some other places that i have experienced.  we were there for lunch and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food that we received.  however, i would have been disappointed to receive the same amount for the much higher dinner prices.
food is great the only bad part of the experience is the hostess. my party of four called to make a reservation over the phone and they agreed to a certain time and when we arrived they said they didn't have our parties name written down. so we were forced to wait 20minutes until they made room for a simple party of four...soooo unprofessional
biggest disappointment after years of eating at RESTAURANT_NAME. we sat at the front table and ordered sushi. while the hibachi area was packed we did not anticipate a long wait for sushi.   the server took our order and never came back.  we ordered a few rolls and they slowly started coming after a 45 minute wait. the manager apologized but very insincerely. i believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills. the final roll came 50 minutes after we first ordered and it was wrong not once but twice.  very disappointed and will be hesitant to go back - at least on a sunday night with an inexperienced staff.
i went here with a couple of friends a while ago and honestly everything was mediocre at best. for the price, quality, and quantity there's a similar restaurant nearby that's way better. the service wasn't bad, and the presentation was typical. just nothing special. i have no specific complaints, but nothing to brag about or remember, either.
went there with my three children all under the age of 7 and our friends family with their children. the entertain was great for the kids and the chef was very interactive and engaged the children. there was a lot of yelling and shouting from other tables, so it was hard for the adults to talk. the food was great.
when we came to RESTAURANT_NAME for lunch on saturday we had in tow a couple of sad kids who had just been dealt a little bad news.  so we drove to one japanese steak house for lunch; closed until 5:00.  looking on our phones for a new place to go, we found RESTAURANT_NAME.  we got there just in time to take advantage of the lunch menu.  the kids had a ball, and very soon their troubles were far behind them.  our chef made them laugh, and they devoured their meal.  truthfully, i've had better hibachi.  it was really good food, but i have had better in comparison to other places.  but when my little ones go into a restaurant with frowns on their faces and come out laughing and happy, i gotta give the place credit.  we'll definitely be back.  it was an enjoyable experience!
love the hibachi chicken, comes with two jumbo shrimp, soup, salad, noodles, rice and vegetables!!! took some home!
first off, i sat in the sushi bar area. i have not eaten in the dinner area yet. so my opinion is solely based off of the sushi bar area. this place is mediocre at best, the tofu was ok, a little blane. disappointed in the miso soup, it had this weird taste that i can't quite place. the sushi was pretty good for the most part. almost everything had cream cheese in it, i do not like cream cheese in my sushi and had to ask for it without. the server took forever at first but was friendly; the sushi chefs were very nice and friendly as well. i probably won't come back to eat but it was ok to try at least once. i just know better sushi places. they had a crappy and small sake selection and their cheapest bottle was 18. i didn't even bother to get anything; i love sake and i always get it. most of the time i can find something i like but they just had such a little selection of nothing good. also i had to get a new soy sauce bowl. the one i had was dirty. i feel you should pay more attention to that. this place is ok. i don't know how the dinner part is but after my experience i have low expectations of it.
the sushi here is very good, i recommend the spicy tuna rolls. also if you're getting sushi and hibachi ask for children's it's practically the same as adults
sushi is something you must have.... defy yummy and a delight to vegetarian. visited that place several times! early bird special - thumbs up!
wish i could rate this place twice. i'd give it two stars for lunch. wasn't that impressed. four stars for dinner. fun atmosphere. around five o clock is a good time to take kids for them to enjoy the dinner show.
love this place! cooks and servers are always friendly, food is awesome. me and my family go frequently.
decided to go japanese today!  checked out RESTAURANT_NAMEs for lunch. as always i was not disappointed. i have been there for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed the dark flaming atmosphere. it is very romantic and fun at the same time. however i have never tried their lunch menu.   today that changed. i ordered the shrimp with fried rice and noodles. i upgraded to the large shrimp for an additional $2.95 which i highly recommend.   service was the only disappointment today. it seems might be a little understaffed. i waited over 5mins for a refill on tea which i rarely let go that far. other than that the food was delicious and chefs great. the only reason for the 4stars and not 5stars was the tea incident. i will have to try them again in a month or so to give an update.
the food is really good and priced decent, the chefs are pretty cool too but the hostess is awful. the dark haired one took about ten minutes to come to the stand and then barked at me saying they were closed. i politely asked what time they closed and she said 9:30 in a tone like i was an idiot. then she pointed to the clock that said 9:33. i was 3 minutes late, no need to yell. lol. probably will only go back for take out. she was a bitch and she was the first person i saw when i got in there so it started me off wrong.
the food is... ok..... the atmosphere is... ok...   but how does a japanese hibachi not know what an unagi roll is? no, it's not crab sashimi, contrary to what our waitress thought.   so not worth it.
RESTAURANT_NAMEs seems to be a favorite around here. i've even heard people say it's the best they've ever tasted. my thoughts in response to that are always, "you clearly haven't had a lot of good japanese food". while i do enjoy RESTAURANT_NAMEs when i go, being one of the only choices in the area. i do not think it's that great compared to other japanese restaurants i've tried. for the most part i've ordered togo, but i've realized, you get more food when you dine in. they put egg in their rice which i don't really understand. and being that the yolk of an egg is too rich for me and immediately upsets my stomach, i find myself always picking the egg out of my rice. i do enjoy that they give you noodles, which was new to me. the noodles are actually pretty tasty. the shrimp are small in comparison to what you get at other hibachi restaurants. also all they cook in is soy sauce. no other sauce choices. ot at least none have been offered to me. the manager that they always get when there is an issue and seats people from time to time, is a bit short & rude when you're not kissing her butt. the wait staff has short memories. i am always constantly reminding them of something i asked for multiple times and it's hard to communicate with some of them as they don't understand good english. overall, this place is just ok.
i used to go here at least once a week.. the price for the dinner special is good sun-wed. my boyfriend and i got acquainted with some of the waitresses & staff- lisa is great and so is the chef with the butcher knife tattoo lol. but, unfortunately the past few times have been horrible.. it's either a hit or miss with them. the chefs should all be trained to cook the same way but it seems as if some are lacking essential skills. the food has been bland with no seasoning or taste during the past few visits, i then reached out to management and they replaced our meal for free. great, except it is still tasteless. i would only recommend going here if you know your chef is up to par.
my family loves this place and so do i. it's always a good show and the food is delicious! my kids remember their first times here and it's always their pick for birthday dinners and special occasions.
love the day i found out that RESTAURANT_NAME's had an excellent sushi bar - i go once a week or so - sometimes for take out and sometimes to sit in. they often have dine-in specials on sushi tuesday to thursday which we took advantage of today. fresh, tasty and just perfect for lunch.
good experience at RESTAURANT_NAME. the food was delicious and the service was excellent. i always get the hibachi and my steak was cooked perfectly. i will definitely go back again.
we came for her birthday.  the people were nice. service was excellent   the food was good but a bit pricey.  not bad for something different every once in awhile.
amazing sushi and hibachi! the atmosphere is great! staff is very friendly and provides exceptional service! best restaurant in the city for birthdays, celebrations, or a fun night out!
this place is overrated.  we ordered the dinner entrees.  impressed by the cooking skills of the chef but the food tastes blah, not even ordinary. ginger dressing for salad tastes good and also the boss and volcano roll. staff were not as attentive as other restaurants. very pricey and they automatically add 18 gratuity with your bill.
we will never go back here sadly. 4 adults and 3 kids and we all enjoyed our hibachi but all of the adults got sick after dinner that evening. we thought it was just the 2 of us until we talked to our friends the next morning who also spent all night in the restroom. ugh
if you want an authentic hibachi experience, this is not the place. the steak was not seasoned and i had to ask for chop sticks. good for kids, bad for people who appreciate good japanese food.
our chef was great but our server forgot to turn grill on to prepare for the chef.  the waiter was then asking about checks and boxes, basically ending our dinner, immediately after the chef left. the restaurant was not busy so we should not have been so rushed. it was very unprofessional.
i went to RESTAURANT_NAME for sushi with a friend. turns out tuesdays in january sushi rolls are buy one get one half off- yay! i'm not a sushi expert in any sense, and their menu is fairly large, so i ordered from what i was already familiar with. maybe next time i'll ask to learn more about the menu. anyway, i do know that i ordered one roll with yellowtail, one with softshell crab, and an order of edamame. i'm not a picky eater and this was my first time trying both, but i wasn't crazy about flavor of the softshell crab. however, we sat at the bar where the sushi was being made, which was a neat experience, and the chef was very friendly and made sure we enjoyed what we were eating. our server was always available, and our drink glasses were never empty. i look forward to trying more sushi at RESTAURANT_NAME!
been coming here forever, so good!!! today was my first time trying a order to go, and they left out the soup appetizer! one of my favorite parts is always the soup or salad and its listed as coming with to go but i didn't get it and it wasn't worth going back. other than that, it's amazing and i could cover everything in that shrimp sauce.
horrible! service/food...horrible. damn chef dropped half of my chicken breast on the floor while trying to flip it. apparently he didn't think anyone noticed...so he cuts my other chicken breast in small little diced pieces to make it look like i received 2 breasts. what an idiot!! when i complained to the manager, he took over 10 minutes to come over to the table and the idiot chef was already heading back to the kitchen. when i pointed out the breast on the floor yep! idiot chef left it there on the floor, the manager claimed it was there from earlier and was not part of my meal. idiots i tell you.....idiots!  and the carpet is filthy, bathroom has no heat...you can smell bleach while eating dinner.
we work across the street and we love RESTAURANT_NAME. last christmas, we chose RESTAURANT_NAME for our holiday party. the staff took care of us start to finish and the food was great. i recommend the double ny strip.  sushi roll for an app.
love it!! every time i'm in charlotte, i make sure to go eat there at least once. the shows are so entertaining and the food is perfectly prepared. the sushi is always on point- the volcano and salad rolls are a must try. can't wait to go back!
ok, i will not say its bad, but i expected more from the reviews.  i just found it super fast and very messy. i was given my soup and then the salad 2 minutes later, then the guy was out to cook before i even to go my salad and he was not very entertaining to say the least. he had food flying all over the place. then i ordered some mustard sauce and it was placed in front of me and 2 minutes later the guy came and took it way thinking it was the said and i could not catch him. the entire staff was hispanic, not japanese. i will say the shrimp was tasty but the spagetti  was odd and tasteless.   i just expected a nicer meal for that kind of money.
double date night out.  chef diego.  very entertaining.  pleasant surprise had noodles, my preference.  fried rice too.  too much at one meal. took home.  standard medium shrimp appetizer.  clear broth soup.  house salad with ginger dressing too much dressing. salad swimming in it.  new york strip.  good. 2 ladies has jumbo shrimp.  great. other guy has new york strip & chicken.  good. really like fried mixed vegetables. we shared a variety of sauces.  soy, ginger, mustard.  we had a good time.  disappointed no koi fish in pond to feed.  sushi chef said they used all up for dinner that night.
made it just in time for lunch, arriving at 1:30pm. we actually went to nakato first but they were closed. our son turned nine today and had to have hibachi. RESTAURANT_NAME saved the day.   staff was great. we were seated immediately and our cook had a dry sense of humor that my family appreciates. he was engaging, fun and interactive. we just didn't get a song despite our nine year old announcing it was his birthday.   love the lunch concept of picking two sides.   three of us had chicken and one order of shrimp. food was great, what you would expect at a hibachi spot.   our son was pleased and that's all that mattered.
